#separator:tab
#html:true
#notetype column:1
#deck column:2
#front column:3
#back column:4
#tags column:5
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I drink	yo bebo	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you drink	tú bebes	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he drinks	él bebe	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she drinks	ella bebe	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) drink	usted bebe	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we drink	nosotros bebemos	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all drink	ustedes beben	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they drink	ellos beben	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I drank	yo bebí	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you drank	tú bebiste	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he drank	él bebió	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she drank	ella bebió	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) drank	usted bebió	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we drank	nosotros bebimos	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all drank	ustedes bebieron	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they drank	ellos bebieron	Beber Preterite
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I used to drink	yo bebía	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you used to drink	tú bebías	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he used to drink	él bebía	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she used to drink	ella bebía	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) used to drink	usted bebía	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we used to drink	nosotros bebíamos	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all used to drink	ustedes bebían	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they used to drink	ellos bebían	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I will drink	yo beberé	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you will drink	tú beberás	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he will drink	él beberá	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she will drink	ella beberá	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) will drink	usted beberá	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we will drink	nosotros beberemos	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all will drink	ustedes beberán	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they will drink	ellos beberán	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I would drink	yo bebería	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you would drink	tú beberías	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he would drink	él bebería	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she would drink	ella bebería	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) would drink	usted bebería	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we would drink	nosotros beberíamos	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all would drink	ustedes beberían	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they would drink	ellos beberían	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I drink (subjunctive)	yo beba	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you drink (subjunctive)	tú bebas	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he drinks (subjunctive)	él beba	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she drinks (subjunctive)	ella beba	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) drink (subjunctive)	usted beba	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we drink (subjunctive)	nosotros bebamos	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all drink (subjunctive)	ustedes beban	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they drink (subjunctive)	ellos beban	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	I drank (subjunctive)	yo bebiera	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you drank (subjunctive)	tú bebieras	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	he drank (subjunctive)	él bebiera	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	she drank (subjunctive)	ella bebiera	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you (formal) drank (subjunctive)	usted bebiera	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	we drank (subjunctive)	nosotros bebiéramos	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	you all drank (subjunctive)	ustedes bebieran	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Verb Tenses	they drank (subjunctive)	ellos bebieran	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water every morning before reading the Bible and starting my day.	Bebo agua cada mañana antes de leer la Biblia y comenzar mi día.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink coffee or tea during your morning devotional time with God?	¿Bebes café o té durante tu tiempo devocional matutino con Dios?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks herbal tea every evening before her night prayers and Bible reading.	Bebe té de hierbas cada noche antes de sus oraciones nocturnas y lectura bíblica.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink from the living water that Jesus offers and we are never thirsty again.	Bebemos del agua viva que Jesús ofrece y nunca volvemos a tener sed.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink grape juice during the Lord's Supper in remembrance of his blood poured out.	Beben jugo de uva durante la Cena del Señor en memoria de su sangre derramada.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink from the cup of salvation and give thanks to the Lord for his goodness.	Bebo de la copa de la salvación y doy gracias al Señor por su bondad.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink from God's Word daily as the spiritual nourishment your soul needs?	¿Bebes de la Palabra de Dios diariamente como el alimento espiritual que necesita tu alma?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	He drinks deeply from the Scriptures and comes to the study full of insight.	Bebe profundamente de las Escrituras y llega al estudio lleno de perspectiva.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink together during communion as a community bound by faith in Jesus Christ.	Bebemos juntos durante la comunión como una comunidad unida por la fe en Jesucristo.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink from the well of prayer and come away refreshed and strengthened in spirit.	Beben del pozo de la oración y salen renovados y fortalecidos en espíritu.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water from the story of Moses striking the rock and think of Christ our Rock.	Bebo agua de la historia de Moisés golpeando la roca y pienso en Cristo nuestra Roca.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink in the truth of Psalm 23 and rest in God as your shepherd?	¿Bebes la verdad del Salmo 23 y descansas en Dios como tu pastor?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks in every word of the sermon and takes notes to share with her family.	Bebe cada palabra del sermón y toma notas para compartir con su familia.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink from the same spiritual fountain every time we open the Word together.	Bebemos de la misma fuente espiritual cada vez que abrimos la Palabra juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink in the teaching of the early church fathers to deepen their theology.	Beben de la enseñanza de los padres de la iglesia primitiva para profundizar su teología.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink coffee in the fellowship hall after the Sunday service and meet new people.	Bebo café en el salón de compañerismo después del culto del domingo y conozco gente nueva.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink tea with the senior ladies of the church after the Thursday morning class?	¿Bebes té con las señoras mayores de la iglesia después de la clase del jueves por la mañana?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks water from the fountain near the sanctuary between the morning services.	Bebe agua de la fuente cerca del santuario entre los cultos matutinos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink lemonade together after the outdoor summer church service in the park.	Bebemos limonada juntos después del culto de verano al aire libre en el parque.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink hot chocolate together after the candlelight Christmas Eve service ends.	Beben chocolate caliente juntos después de que termina el culto de nochebuena con velas.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water from a reusable bottle when I travel so I stay healthy on mission trips.	Bebo agua de una botella reutilizable cuando viajo para mantenerme saludable en los viajes misioneros.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink from filtered water bottles when you travel to rural areas for ministry?	¿Bebes de botellas de agua filtrada cuando viajas a áreas rurales para el ministerio?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks freshly squeezed fruit juice at the market when she visits the mission field.	Bebe jugo de fruta recién exprimido en el mercado cuando visita el campo misionero.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink local beverages as a sign of respect and connection when we visit other cultures.	Bebemos bebidas locales como señal de respeto y conexión cuando visitamos otras culturas.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink water purified by the church's water filters installed on the last mission trip.	Beben agua purificada por los filtros de agua de la iglesia instalados en el último viaje misionero.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink agua fresca when I eat at the restaurant near the market in town.	Bebo agua fresca cuando como en el restaurante cerca del mercado en el pueblo.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink a warm drink before dinner when you eat at a Mexican restaurant?	¿Bebes una bebida caliente antes de cenar cuando comes en un restaurante mexicano?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks lemon water with her meal at the restaurant as a healthy choice.	Bebe agua con limón con su comida en el restaurante como una elección saludable.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink tamarind juice with our meal and thank God for the blessing of good food.	Bebemos jugo de tamarindo con nuestra comida y agradecemos a Dios por la bendición de la buena comida.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink horchata at the restaurant and share stories of how God brought them together.	Beben horchata en el restaurante y comparten historias de cómo Dios los reunió.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink fresh mango juice with breakfast every morning during the summer.	Bebo jugo fresco de mango con el desayuno cada mañana durante el verano.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink warm broth when you are sick and trust God for healing?	¿Bebes caldo caliente cuando estás enfermo y confías en Dios para la sanidad?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks water after every meal and avoids sugary drinks to care for her health.	Bebe agua después de cada comida y evita las bebidas azucaradas para cuidar su salud.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink fresh juice pressed from the fruits in the garden every morning together.	Bebemos jugo fresco exprimido de las frutas del jardín cada mañana juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink warm milk with honey before bed to help the children sleep peacefully.	Beben leche tibia con miel antes de dormir para ayudar a los niños a dormir tranquilos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink my morning coffee slowly while reading a chapter of Proverbs.	Bebo mi café de la mañana despacio mientras leo un capítulo de Proverbios.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink water throughout the day to stay alert during your long days of work and ministry?	¿Bebes agua durante todo el día para mantenerte alerta durante tus largos días de trabajo y ministerio?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks chamomile tea when she feels anxious and reminds herself of God's peace.	Bebe té de manzanilla cuando se siente ansiosa y se recuerda a sí misma de la paz de Dios.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink from the same cup in our home and remind ourselves that God provides equally for all.	Bebemos de la misma copa en nuestro hogar y nos recordamos que Dios provee igualmente para todos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink lemon water in the mornings and remind each other to seek God first in the day.	Beben agua con limón por las mañanas y se recuerdan el uno al otro buscar a Dios primero en el día.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water with my family at dinner and we take turns sharing what we are grateful for.	Bebo agua con mi familia en la cena y nos turnamos para compartir por lo que somos agradecidos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink warm tea with your spouse in the evenings and read the Bible together?	¿Bebes té caliente con tu cónyuge por las noches y leen la Biblia juntos?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks juice every morning with her children before the school day begins.	Bebe jugo cada mañana con sus hijos antes de que comience el día escolar.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink together as a family every meal and pray before the first sip is taken.	Bebemos juntos como familia en cada comida y oramos antes de que se dé el primer sorbo.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink hot cider together on cold evenings and share stories about God's faithfulness.	Beben sidra caliente juntos en las noches frías y comparten historias sobre la fidelidad de Dios.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink coffee with my friend from church every Friday and we pray together.	Bebo café con mi amigo de la iglesia cada viernes y oramos juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink tea with your close friends and open up about how God is moving in your life?	¿Bebes té con tus amigos cercanos y te abres sobre cómo Dios se está moviendo en tu vida?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks lemonade with her neighbors on the porch and talks about faith openly.	Bebe limonada con sus vecinos en el porche y habla abiertamente sobre la fe.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink together and laugh together and hold each other up in the grace of God.	Bebemos juntos y reímos juntos y nos sostenemos el uno al otro en la gracia de Dios.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink coffee before the small group starts and use that time to connect and pray.	Beben café antes de que comience el grupo pequeño y usan ese tiempo para conectarse y orar.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water regularly throughout the day to keep my dog and myself well hydrated.	Bebo agua con regularidad durante el día para mantener a mi perro y a mí mismo bien hidratados.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink your coffee at the kitchen table while your dog waits patiently for a walk?	¿Bebes tu café en la mesa de la cocina mientras tu perro espera pacientemente para dar un paseo?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks water from a large bottle and makes sure her cat always has a fresh bowl too.	Bebe agua de una botella grande y se asegura de que su gato siempre tenga un tazón fresco también.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink smoothies in the morning and make sure the dog gets fresh water too.	Bebemos batidos por la mañana y nos aseguramos de que el perro también tenga agua fresca.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink their morning tea in the garden while the dog runs and plays in the yard.	Beben su té de la mañana en el jardín mientras el perro corre y juega en el patio.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water while I study so my mind stays sharp and my focus remains clear.	Bebo agua mientras estudio para que mi mente se mantenga aguda y mi concentración permanezca clara.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink enough water during long exam days at school to stay focused?	¿Bebes suficiente agua durante los largos días de exámenes en la escuela para mantenerte concentrado?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks green tea while preparing her lesson plans for the Bible school students.	Bebe té verde mientras prepara sus planes de lección para los estudiantes de la escuela bíblica.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink water together at the start of every classroom session and pray before learning.	Bebemos agua juntos al comienzo de cada sesión en el aula y oramos antes de aprender.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink herbal tea during the seminar and take notes on every point that challenges them.	Beben té de hierbas durante el seminario y toman nota de cada punto que los desafía.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink plenty of water every day because my doctor told me it is essential for my recovery.	Bebo mucha agua cada día porque mi médico me dijo que es esencial para mi recuperación.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink water instead of sugary drinks as a way to care for your health?	¿Bebes agua en lugar de bebidas azucaradas como una forma de cuidar tu salud?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks ginger tea when she has a cold and prays for healing at the same time.	Bebe té de jengibre cuando tiene un resfriado y ora por sanidad al mismo tiempo.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink warm soups and herbal teas when we are ill and trust God for restoration.	Bebemos sopas calientes y tés de hierbas cuando estamos enfermos y confiamos en Dios para la restauración.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink herbal remedies passed down through the family and pray for God to heal.	Beben remedios a base de hierbas transmitidos por la familia y oran para que Dios sane.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink coffee at my desk in the morning before the team meeting begins at work.	Bebo café en mi escritorio por la mañana antes de que comience la reunión del equipo en el trabajo.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink water throughout the workday so you stay focused and energized?	¿Bebes agua durante todo el día laboral para mantenerte concentrado y con energía?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks tea with a colleague who is going through a difficult season and listens with love.	Bebe té con un colega que está pasando por una temporada difícil y escucha con amor.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink water at the company retreat and use the breaks to encourage one another in faith.	Bebemos agua en el retiro de la empresa y usamos los descansos para animarnos el uno al otro en la fe.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink coffee before the early morning prayer call that starts the work week together.	Beben café antes de la llamada de oración de la mañana temprana que comienza la semana laboral juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water before going on stage to sing because my voice needs to be fully hydrated.	Bebo agua antes de subir al escenario para cantar porque mi voz necesita estar completamente hidratada.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink warm tea with honey before leading worship to protect and soothe your voice?	¿Bebes té caliente con miel antes de dirigir la adoración para proteger y calmar tu voz?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks lemon water backstage before the worship team goes on and they all pray together.	Bebe agua con limón entre bastidores antes de que el equipo de adoración suba y todos oran juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink herbal tea after worship rehearsal to wind down and reflect on what God did.	Bebemos té de hierbas después del ensayo de adoración para relajarnos y reflexionar sobre lo que Dios hizo.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink water between songs during the outdoor worship concert on a warm evening.	Beben agua entre canciones durante el concierto de adoración al aire libre en una noche cálida.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink from God's well of living water and my soul is satisfied in a way nothing else can.	Bebo del pozo de agua viva de Dios y mi alma queda satisfecha de una manera que nada más puede.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink deeply from the Word each morning so you face the day full of God's truth?	¿Bebes profundamente de la Palabra cada mañana para enfrentar el día lleno de la verdad de Dios?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	He drinks from the streams of life that God promises to all who believe and trust in him.	Bebe de los ríos de vida que Dios promete a todos los que creen y confían en él.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink from the same source of truth and we stand united in Christ and in his Word.	Bebemos de la misma fuente de verdad y permanecemos unidos en Cristo y en su Palabra.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink the cup of joy because they have seen God's faithfulness year after year.	Beben la copa de alegría porque han visto la fidelidad de Dios año tras año.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water slowly after a long fast and give thanks to God for his sustaining grace.	Bebo agua lentamente después de un largo ayuno y doy gracias a Dios por su gracia sustentadora.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink warm broth during your fast to keep your strength while you seek God?	¿Bebes caldo caliente durante tu ayuno para mantener tus fuerzas mientras buscas a Dios?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks in every moment of the retreat weekend and comes home renewed in spirit.	Bebe cada momento del fin de semana de retiro y regresa a casa renovada en espíritu.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink lemonade by the river after the outdoor baptism service and celebrate together.	Bebemos limonada junto al río después del servicio de bautismo al aire libre y celebramos juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink the water of life freely as Jesus promises to all who come to him in faith.	Beben el agua de vida gratuitamente tal como Jesús promete a todos los que vienen a él con fe.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink my tea every evening and use that quiet moment to pray and reflect on the day.	Bebo mi té cada tarde y uso ese momento tranquilo para orar y reflexionar sobre el día.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink something warm to unwind after the long evening rehearsal for the Christmas concert?	¿Bebes algo caliente para relajarte después del largo ensayo nocturno para el concierto de Navidad?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	He drinks water throughout the day and honors God by taking care of the body he was given.	Bebe agua durante todo el día y honra a Dios cuidando el cuerpo que le fue dado.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink with gratitude and eat with thankfulness and live every moment for God's glory.	Bebemos con gratitud y comemos con agradecimiento y vivimos cada momento para la gloria de Dios.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink the new wine of the Spirit and are filled with joy and praise beyond measure.	Beben el vino nuevo del Espíritu y se llenan de alegría y alabanza más allá de toda medida.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink in the beauty of God's creation when I travel and my heart overflows with praise.	Bebo la belleza de la creación de Dios cuando viajo y mi corazón se desborda en alabanza.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	Do you drink from the joy of the Lord that is your strength no matter what the day brings?	¿Bebes de la alegría del Señor que es tu fortaleza sin importar lo que traiga el día?	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	She drinks in the words of the worship song and lets them sink deep into her soul.	Bebe las palabras de la canción de adoración y las deja hundirse profundamente en su alma.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink and we rest and we rise again because God renews our strength like the eagle's.	Bebemos y descansamos y nos levantamos de nuevo porque Dios renueva nuestra fuerza como la del águila.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	They drink the cup of hope and know that God holds their future securely in his hands.	Beben la copa de la esperanza y saben que Dios sostiene su futuro de manera segura en sus manos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	I drink water before every prayer time in the morning because the simple act of caring for my body reminds me that what I am about to do matters and deserves full presence.	Bebo agua antes de cada tiempo de oración en la mañana porque el simple acto de cuidar mi cuerpo me recuerda que lo que estoy a punto de hacer importa y merece plena presencia.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	You drink from the cup of the Lord's Supper as an act of remembrance and every time you do it the memory of what Christ paid to give you that cup is meant to reshape how you live in the hours that follow.	Bebes de la copa de la Cena del Señor como un acto de recuerdo y cada vez que lo haces el recuerdo de lo que Cristo pagó para darte esa copa está destinado a dar nueva forma a cómo vives en las horas que siguen.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	The congregation drinks together at the table of the Lord not merely as a ritual but as a declaration that the blood of Christ has established a covenant between God and his people that nothing can dissolve.	La congregación bebe juntos en la mesa del Señor no meramente como un ritual sino como una declaración de que la sangre de Cristo ha establecido un pacto entre Dios y su pueblo que nada puede disolver.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	We drink the tea our host prepared for us with gratitude and accept it as the gift it is because hospitality offered in love deserves to be received with the same spirit in which it was given.	Bebemos el té que nuestro anfitrión preparó para nosotros con gratitud y lo aceptamos como el regalo que es porque la hospitalidad ofrecida con amor merece ser recibida con el mismo espíritu con que fue dada.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Present::Indicative	The children drink their juice at the church fellowship meal and in that ordinary act of sharing a table they are learning what it means to belong to a community of people who eat and pray and sing together.	Los niños beben su jugo en la comida de comunión de la iglesia y en ese acto ordinario de compartir una mesa están aprendiendo lo que significa pertenecer a una comunidad de personas que comen y oran y cantan juntos.	Beber Present Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank from the cup at communion this morning and felt what I cannot always feel — the weight of what was poured out so that cup could be offered to me.	Bebí de la copa en la comunión esta mañana y sentí lo que no siempre puedo sentir — el peso de lo que se derramó para que esa copa pudiera ofrecérseme.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the water the stranger offered you at the roadside and in that small act of receiving you participated in the ancient practice of the desert where water given freely was itself a form of the gospel.	Bebiste el agua que el extraño te ofreció al costado del camino y en ese pequeño acto de recibir participaste en la práctica antigua del desierto donde el agua dada libremente era en sí misma una forma del evangelio.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the tea her grandmother made every Sunday morning before church and the smell of it forty years later still carried her back to that kitchen where faith was as present as the warmth of the cup in her hands.	Bebió el té que su abuela hacía cada domingo por la mañana antes de la iglesia y el olor de él cuarenta años después todavía la llevaba de regreso a esa cocina donde la fe era tan presente como el calor de la taza en sus manos.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank from the river during the mission journey and trusted that God who led Israel through the wilderness without water would also provide for his servants today in whatever form provision needed to take.	Bebió del río durante el viaje misionero y confió en que el Dios que guió a Israel a través del desierto sin agua también proveería para sus siervos hoy en cualquier forma que la provisión necesitara tomar.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank coffee together at the kitchen table after the small group ended and what happened over those cups was more honest and more formative than anything that happened in the official meeting.	Bebimos café juntos en la mesa de la cocina después de que terminó el grupo pequeño y lo que ocurrió sobre esas tazas fue más honesto y más formativo que cualquier cosa que ocurrió en la reunión oficial.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the water provided at the food bank and thanked God for the people who had brought it because every cup of cold water given in Christ's name is given to Christ himself and received by him as an act of love.	Bebieron el agua provista en el banco de alimentos y agradecieron a Dios por las personas que la habían llevado porque cada taza de agua fría dada en el nombre de Cristo es dada al mismo Cristo y recibida por él como un acto de amor.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank from the well in the village where the mission team worked and the water tasted like the satisfaction of seeing something prayed for finally arrive in the physical world.	Bebí del pozo en el pueblo donde trabajó el equipo misionero y el agua sabía a la satisfacción de ver algo por lo que se oró finalmente llegar al mundo físico.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the broth she made for you when you were sick and the care in the cooking was as healing as anything the medicine provided because being cared for by someone who loves you is its own kind of medicine.	Bebiste el caldo que ella hizo para ti cuando estabas enfermo y el cuidado en la cocina fue tan sanador como cualquier cosa que proporcionó la medicina porque ser cuidado por alguien que te ama es su propio tipo de medicina.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the communion wine slowly this week because she had decided that she would not let the familiarity of the practice rob it of its weight and the deliberate slowness changed everything about her experience of the table.	Bebió el vino de la comunión lentamente esta semana porque había decidido que no dejaría que la familiaridad de la práctica le robara su peso y la lentitud deliberada cambió todo sobre su experiencia en la mesa.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the water from the spring his grandfather had found and remembered that everything he had inherited in this land — the faith, the farm, the family — had been provided by a God who had been faithful to every generation before him.	Bebió el agua del manantial que su abuelo había encontrado y recordó que todo lo que había heredado en esta tierra — la fe, la granja, la familia — había sido provisto por un Dios que había sido fiel a cada generación antes que él.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the juice of the fruit that grew in the garden and thanked God that he had designed creation to be not only sustaining but delicious because the pleasure of good fruit is itself a form of God's kindness toward the people he made.	Bebimos el jugo de la fruta que creció en el jardín y agradecimos a Dios que había diseñado la creación para ser no solo sustentadora sino deliciosa porque el placer de la buena fruta es en sí mismo una forma de la bondad de Dios hacia las personas que hizo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank together after the worship team rehearsal and what started as an ordinary break became an hour of honest conversation that bonded the team more than any official team-building exercise ever had.	Bebieron juntos después del ensayo del equipo de adoración y lo que comenzó como un descanso ordinario se convirtió en una hora de conversación honesta que unió al equipo más que cualquier ejercicio oficial de formación de equipo que hubiera habido.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the tea my host poured and listened to the story she had been waiting years to tell someone who would actually hear it and in that hour over two cups of tea I understood why Jesus sat at so many tables.	Bebí el té que mi anfitriona sirvió y escuché la historia que había estado esperando años para contarle a alguien que realmente la escuchara y en esa hora sobre dos tazas de té entendí por qué Jesús se sentó en tantas mesas.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank water from a plastic cup at the health clinic while you waited and the volunteer who brought it to you did so with a warmth that made the ordinary gift feel like care and not just service.	Bebiste agua de un vaso plástico en la clínica de salud mientras esperabas y el voluntario que te lo trajo lo hizo con una calidez que hizo que el regalo ordinario se sintiera como cuidado y no solo como servicio.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank from the living water that Jesus promised to the woman at the well and even after all these years the water still satisfies in a way that every other well in her life has proven unable to match.	Bebió del agua viva que Jesús prometió a la mujer en el pozo y incluso después de todos estos años el agua todavía satisface de una manera que cada otro pozo en su vida ha demostrado ser incapaz de igualar.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the coffee his friend made for him and knew that the invitation to come over and sit together had been the most important gift offered to him in a month full of isolation and noise.	Bebió el café que su amigo le preparó y supo que la invitación a venir y sentarse juntos había sido el regalo más importante que se le ofreciera en un mes lleno de aislamiento y ruido.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the juice at the church potluck and gave thanks for a community where no one came empty-handed and where the act of bringing food was itself a statement that you wanted to contribute to the life of the people gathered there.	Bebimos el jugo en el almuerzo compartido de la iglesia y dimos gracias por una comunidad donde nadie llegaba con las manos vacías y donde el acto de traer comida era en sí mismo una declaración de que querías contribuir a la vida de las personas reunidas allí.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the broth the neighbors brought and in that small act of receiving hospitality from people of a different faith found more common ground than a hundred theological conversations could have provided.	Bebieron el caldo que los vecinos trajeron y en ese pequeño acto de recibir hospitalidad de personas de una fe diferente encontraron más terreno común del que cien conversaciones teológicas habrían podido proporcionar.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the herbal tea the doctor recommended and in caring for my body with that small daily act of intention understood for the first time why treating the body well is also a form of worship offered to the God who designed it to flourish.	Bebí el té de hierbas que el médico recomendó y al cuidar mi cuerpo con ese pequeño acto diario de intención entendí por primera vez por qué tratar bien el cuerpo es también una forma de adoración ofrecida al Dios que lo diseñó para florecer.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank from the fountain in the plaza of the city you were traveling through and the moment was unremarkable except that you had been praying for that city for months and standing in its streets and drinking its water felt like entering a prayer that had finally become physical.	Bebiste de la fuente en la plaza de la ciudad por la que estabas viajando y el momento no era notable excepto que habías estado orando por esa ciudad durante meses y pararte en sus calles y beber su agua se sintió como entrar a una oración que finalmente se había vuelto física.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the water her husband brought her without being asked and in that small unrequested act of care felt more loved than in any of the larger gestures he had ever offered because it was the noticing that moved her and not the size of the gift.	Bebió el agua que su esposo le trajo sin pedírselo y en ese pequeño acto de cuidado no solicitado se sintió más amada que en cualquiera de los gestos más grandes que él jamás había ofrecido porque fue el notar lo que la conmovió y no el tamaño del regalo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the water the Samaritan woman drew and in that single act of drinking across a social boundary revealed that the kingdom of God had no need for the walls that every human kingdom had always used to define itself.	Bebió el agua que la mujer samaritana sacó y en ese único acto de beber a través de una frontera social reveló que el reino de Dios no necesitaba los muros que cada reino humano siempre había usado para definirse.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank warm drinks on the church retreat and the informal hours around those mugs did more to form us as a leadership team than the scheduled sessions could have done alone because true community is always built in the margins and not in the program.	Bebimos bebidas calientes en el retiro de la iglesia y las horas informales alrededor de esas tazas hicieron más para formarnos como equipo de liderazgo de lo que las sesiones programadas habrían podido hacer solas porque la comunidad verdadera siempre se construye en los márgenes y no en el programa.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the water from the well the church had helped build in the community and what had been an answered prayer became a physical reminder that God's provision is always more concrete than theory and more personal than theology.	Bebieron el agua del pozo que la iglesia había ayudado a construir en la comunidad y lo que había sido una oración respondida se convirtió en un recordatorio físico de que la provisión de Dios es siempre más concreta que la teoría y más personal que la teología.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the coffee alone in the early morning before anyone else was awake and in that silence asked God to fill the quiet of the house with his presence before the noise of the day arrived because the quality of the morning determined the quality of everything that followed.	Bebí el café solo en la madrugada antes de que alguien más estuviera despierto y en ese silencio le pedí a Dios que llenara el silencio de la casa con su presencia antes de que llegara el ruido del día porque la calidad de la mañana determinaba la calidad de todo lo que seguía.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank with the family of the man you had been visiting in the hospital and in that hour around their table understood what it meant to accompany people not only in the crisis but in all the ordinary moments that surrounded it.	Bebiste con la familia del hombre que habías estado visitando en el hospital y en esa hora alrededor de su mesa entendiste lo que significaba acompañar a las personas no solo en la crisis sino en todos los momentos ordinarios que la rodeaban.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank from the cup of blessing at the feast table and understood in a moment what she had been trying to explain in words for years — that gratitude is not a feeling you manufacture but an orientation you enter and the table is one of the best places to enter it.	Bebió de la copa de la bendición en la mesa del festín y entendió en un momento lo que había estado tratando de explicar con palabras durante años — que la gratitud no es un sentimiento que manufactures sino una orientación a la que entras y la mesa es uno de los mejores lugares para entrar en ella.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the juice the children offered him at the school celebration and received it with such obvious delight that the child who gave it to him never forgot that someone had treated their small gift as if it were worth celebrating.	Bebió el jugo que los niños le ofrecieron en la celebración escolar y lo recibió con tal deleite obvio que el niño que se lo dio nunca olvidó que alguien había tratado su pequeño regalo como si valiera la pena celebrar.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the broth together after the prayer fast ended and the simple act of nourishment after a day of consecrated hunger felt like a parable of the way God always provides after periods of waiting in which nothing appears to be given.	Bebimos el caldo juntos después de que terminó el ayuno de oración y el simple acto de nutrición después de un día de hambre consagrada se sintió como una parábola de la manera en que Dios siempre provee después de períodos de espera en los que nada parece ser dado.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the cold water offered by the roadside vendor during the mission trip and in that simple exchange participated in a commerce of kindness that defied every barrier of language and culture and reminded them that basic human generosity is one of the most universal languages on earth.	Bebieron el agua fría ofrecida por el vendedor callejero durante el viaje misionero y en ese simple intercambio participaron en un comercio de amabilidad que desafió cada barrera de idioma y cultura y les recordó que la generosidad humana básica es uno de los idiomas más universales en la tierra.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink a glass of water when I first woke up each morning as a way of beginning the day with physical awareness and then moving from there into prayer so the body and the spirit began the day together.	Bebía un vaso de agua cuando me despertaba cada mañana como manera de comenzar el día con conciencia física y luego moverme desde allí hacia la oración para que el cuerpo y el espíritu comenzaran el día juntos.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink coffee with the elderly member of the congregation every Tuesday morning and in those ordinary visits you gave her something no program could have provided — the consistent presence of someone who genuinely wanted to hear what she had to say.	Bebías café con el miembro anciano de la congregación cada martes por la mañana y en esas visitas ordinarias le dabas algo que ningún programa podría haber proporcionado — la presencia consistente de alguien que genuinamente quería escuchar lo que ella tenía que decir.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink tea with her neighbor once a week and what started as a courtesy visit became the most sustained spiritual conversation of her life because she learned that the best place to share what you believe is in someone's kitchen with a warm cup in your hands.	Bebía té con su vecina una vez por semana y lo que comenzó como una visita de cortesía se convirtió en la conversación espiritual más sostenida de su vida porque aprendió que el mejor lugar para compartir lo que crees es en la cocina de alguien con una taza caliente en las manos.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink water from the well each morning in the village where he served and the daily act of drawing and drinking became a rhythm of gratitude that he carried into every other part of his ministry day.	Bebía agua del pozo cada mañana en el pueblo donde servía y el acto diario de sacar y beber se convirtió en un ritmo de gratitud que llevaba a cada otra parte de su día ministerial.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink juice together every Sunday afternoon after the service in the church courtyard and what many people dismissed as merely social was actually the most important formation practice in the congregation's week.	Bebíamos jugo juntos cada domingo por la tarde después del servicio en el patio de la iglesia y lo que muchas personas descartaban como meramente social era en realidad la práctica de formación más importante en la semana de la congregación.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink herbal medicine from the plants the elder knew and trust the knowledge that had been passed down through generations because wisdom about care for the body is also a gift from the God who made both the body and the plants that heal it.	Bebían medicina de hierbas de las plantas que el anciano conocía y confiaban en el conocimiento que se había transmitido a través de generaciones porque la sabiduría sobre el cuidado del cuerpo es también un regalo del Dios que hizo tanto el cuerpo como las plantas que lo sanan.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink from the same cup as the missionaries in the house church we attended and in that act of sharing the cup there was an equality that erased every difference of background and education and made us simply the people of God around a common table.	Bebía de la misma copa que los misioneros en la iglesia en casa a la que asistíamos y en ese acto de compartir la copa había una igualdad que borraba cada diferencia de origen y educación y nos hacía simplemente el pueblo de Dios alrededor de una mesa común.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink warm milk before bed as your grandfather had taught you and every time you did it you remembered his stories of God's faithfulness and it was as if the ritual carried the testimony forward through time.	Bebías leche caliente antes de dormir como tu abuelo te había enseñado y cada vez que lo hacías recordabas sus historias de la fidelidad de Dios y era como si el ritual llevara el testimonio hacia adelante a través del tiempo.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink in the worship during long services and felt no passage of time because when a person is genuinely in the presence of God the ordinary experience of time is replaced by something that feels more like eternity pressing into a single moment.	Bebía en la adoración durante los servicios largos y no sentía el paso del tiempo porque cuando una persona está genuinamente en la presencia de Dios la experiencia ordinaria del tiempo es reemplazada por algo que se siente más como la eternidad presionando en un solo momento.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink the water from the church fountain with the children after Sunday school and the smallest acts of sharing with them built a trust that opened their hearts to every larger thing he tried to teach them later.	Bebía el agua de la fuente de la iglesia con los niños después de la escuela dominical y los actos más pequeños de compartir con ellos construyeron una confianza que abrió sus corazones a cada cosa más grande que intentó enseñarles después.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink fresh juice at the market every Saturday morning before shopping and the sellers knew us by name and asked about the family and it became a small practice of belonging in the community that served us all.	Bebíamos jugo fresco en el mercado cada sábado por la mañana antes de comprar y los vendedores nos conocían por nombre y preguntaban por la familia y se convirtió en una pequeña práctica de pertenencia en la comunidad que nos servía a todos.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink water from the river on the retreat each year and the simplicity of drinking directly from a natural source connected them to the dependence on God's provision that was easy to forget in the city where everything came from a tap.	Bebían agua del río en el retiro cada año y la simplicidad de beber directamente de una fuente natural los conectaba con la dependencia de la provisión de Dios que era fácil olvidar en la ciudad donde todo venía de un grifo.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the broth my mother made whenever I was sick and even now the taste of it carries the memory of being held and cared for in a way that reminds me that being loved in vulnerability is one of the most sacred experiences available to any person.	Bebía el caldo que hacía mi madre cuando estaba enfermo y incluso ahora el sabor de él lleva el recuerdo de ser sostenido y cuidado de una manera que me recuerda que ser amado en la vulnerabilidad es una de las experiencias más sagradas disponibles para cualquier persona.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink coffee before dawn with the elders who met for prayer every morning before work and the discipline of that early gathering formed in you a quality of spiritual attentiveness that the later hours of the day could never have built.	Bebías café antes del amanecer con los ancianos que se reunían para orar cada mañana antes del trabajo y la disciplina de esa reunión temprana formó en ti una calidad de atención espiritual que las horas posteriores del día nunca habrían podido construir.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink a cup of broth before leading the prayer meeting so that her body was nourished before she gave her energy in intercession because she had learned that you cannot give what you have not received and that care for your own body is part of faithful ministry.	Bebía una taza de caldo antes de liderar la reunión de oración para que su cuerpo estuviera nutrido antes de dar su energía en intercesión porque había aprendido que no puedes dar lo que no has recibido y que el cuidado de tu propio cuerpo es parte del ministerio fiel.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink tea with the members who came to visit him in his study and the hour over the tea was always the most productive pastoral hour of his week because people who held a warm cup in their hands always spoke more honestly than people who sat across a desk.	Bebía té con los miembros que venían a visitarlo en su estudio y la hora sobre el té era siempre la hora pastoral más productiva de su semana porque las personas que sostenían una taza caliente en sus manos siempre hablaban más honestamente que las personas que se sentaban al otro lado de un escritorio.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink fresh coconut water in the heat of the afternoon during the mission trip and every time we did it we thanked God for a creation generous enough to provide refreshment in exactly the form required by exactly the climate that was producing the thirst.	Bebíamos agua de coco fresca en el calor de la tarde durante el viaje misionero y cada vez que lo hacíamos agradecíamos a Dios por una creación suficientemente generosa para proporcionar refresco en exactamente la forma requerida por exactamente el clima que estaba produciendo la sed.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink water from the same well their grandparents had used and in that continuity felt connected to the chain of generations who had all depended on the same God for the same provision in the same land.	Bebían agua del mismo pozo que sus abuelos habían usado y en esa continuidad se sentían conectados a la cadena de generaciones que todos habían dependido del mismo Dios por la misma provisión en la misma tierra.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the communion juice on Sunday morning with a sense that something was being renewed in me that I could not always name but that I would have felt the absence of if it had been taken away.	Bebía el jugo de la comunión el domingo por la mañana con la sensación de que algo se estaba renovando en mí que no siempre podía nombrar pero cuya ausencia habría sentido si me lo hubieran quitado.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink less and eat less on the days you fasted and those days of voluntary reduction produced in you a clarity of spirit and a sharpness of prayer that the fuller days never seemed to match.	Bebías menos y comías menos en los días que ayunabas y esos días de reducción voluntaria producían en ti una claridad de espíritu y una agudeza de oración que los días más llenos nunca parecían igualar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink warm water with lemon in the morning as part of caring for her health and she prayed during those minutes because she had learned that attaching prayer to an existing daily habit was the most reliable way to ensure the prayer actually happened every day.	Bebía agua caliente con limón en la mañana como parte del cuidado de su salud y oraba durante esos minutos porque había aprendido que adjuntar la oración a un hábito diario existente era la forma más confiable de asegurar que la oración realmente ocurriera cada día.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink from the tap water at the school where he volunteered and ate the same food the children ate because he believed that sharing the ordinary conditions of the people you serve is itself a form of incarnational ministry.	Bebía del agua del grifo en la escuela donde hacía voluntariado y comía la misma comida que comían los niños porque creía que compartir las condiciones ordinarias de las personas a las que sirves es en sí mismo una forma de ministerio encarnacional.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink lemonade on the front porch after Sunday dinner and our neighbors would often come by and those unplanned conversations over cold drinks were some of the best opportunities for genuine connection we ever had.	Bebíamos limonada en el porche delantero después de la cena del domingo y nuestros vecinos a menudo pasaban y esas conversaciones no planificadas sobre bebidas frías fueron algunas de las mejores oportunidades para la conexión genuina que tuvimos.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink the juice of the passion fruit that grew in the garden of the church and bring it to share after the service and that small act of bringing something from their own hands to the community was one of the ways they practiced the theology of generosity they heard taught every week.	Bebían el jugo de la fruta de la pasión que crecía en el jardín de la iglesia y lo traían para compartir después del servicio y ese pequeño acto de traer algo de sus propias manos a la comunidad era una de las maneras en que practicaban la teología de la generosidad que escuchaban enseñar cada semana.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink more slowly when I was paying attention and during those slower meals I noticed more — about the food, about the people I was with, about the gratitude I felt — than I ever noticed when I ate and drank on autopilot.	Bebía más lentamente cuando prestaba atención y durante esas comidas más lentas notaba más — sobre la comida, sobre las personas con las que estaba, sobre la gratitud que sentía — que lo que notaba cuando comía y bebía en piloto automático.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink from the cup at communion this Sunday with full attention and not let the familiarity of the practice rob the mystery of its weight because what is remembered with the body shapes the soul in a different way than what is only thought in the mind.	Beberé de la copa en la comunión este domingo con plena atención y no dejaré que la familiaridad de la práctica le robe al misterio su peso porque lo que se recuerda con el cuerpo da forma al alma de una manera diferente a lo que solo se piensa en la mente.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the tea our host prepares for us when we arrive and in doing so will honor their generosity with the same fullness of spirit with which it was offered to us because receiving well is a form of love just as giving well is.	Beberás el té que nuestro anfitrión prepare para nosotros cuando lleguemos y al hacerlo honrarás su generosidad con la misma plenitud de espíritu con la que nos fue ofrecida porque recibir bien es una forma de amor así como dar bien lo es.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the cup of blessing at the Lord's table and in that moment be reminded that everything she has received from God has come at a cost that she did not pay and a love that she did not earn and will never deserve.	Beberá la copa de la bendición en la mesa del Señor y en ese momento se le recordará que todo lo que ha recibido de Dios vino a un costo que ella no pagó y un amor que ella no ganó y nunca merecerá.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink water from the well they have been praying for three years to build in this community and when he does it will be with the full awareness that answered prayer has a taste and that taste is always better than anything faith alone imagined.	Beberá agua del pozo que han estado orando por tres años para construir en esta comunidad y cuando lo haga será con plena conciencia de que la oración respondida tiene un sabor y ese sabor es siempre mejor que cualquier cosa que la fe sola imaginó.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink together at the wedding feast of the Lamb one day and every cup shared at every table between now and that day is a small rehearsal for the great celebration to which every person who belongs to Christ has been personally invited.	Beberemos juntos en la cena de las bodas del Cordero algún día y cada copa compartida en cada mesa entre ahora y ese día es un pequeño ensayo para la gran celebración a la que cada persona que pertenece a Cristo ha sido personalmente invitada.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink from the spring of living water that Jesus promised and in that drinking discover that the thirst which drove them to every other source was always a thirst for the one source that could actually satisfy it.	Beberán del manantial de agua viva que Jesús prometió y en ese beber descubrirán que la sed que los impulsó a cada otra fuente era siempre una sed por la única fuente que podía realmente satisfacerla.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the coffee my friend makes for me and receive it as the gift it is and not merely as a beverage because learning to receive ordinary kindness with full gratitude is one of the practices that trains the heart to receive the grace of God with the same fullness.	Beberé el café que mi amigo me prepare y lo recibiré como el regalo que es y no meramente como una bebida porque aprender a recibir la amabilidad ordinaria con plena gratitud es una de las prácticas que entrena el corazón a recibir la gracia de Dios con la misma plenitud.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink water with your neighbor at their table this week and that simple hospitality will open a conversation that you have been praying for an opportunity to have and the table will prove once again that it is one of the most reliable places of divine appointment.	Beberás agua con tu vecino en su mesa esta semana y esa simple hospitalidad abrirá una conversación que has estado orando por una oportunidad de tener y la mesa demostrará una vez más que es uno de los lugares más confiables de cita divina.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the broth the church brings to her during her illness and every cup that arrives will be a cup of love delivered in the name of Christ by people who have learned that caring for the sick is not optional for followers of Jesus but is itself a form of the ministry of healing.	Beberá el caldo que la iglesia le lleva durante su enfermedad y cada taza que llegue será una taza de amor entregada en el nombre de Cristo por personas que han aprendido que cuidar a los enfermos no es opcional para los seguidores de Jesús sino que es en sí mismo una forma del ministerio de sanidad.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink juice with the children at the Sunday school celebration and his full attention to their joy will be one of the most powerful things he does this week because a child who is seen and celebrated by an adult carries that experience for the rest of their life.	Beberá jugo con los niños en la celebración de la escuela dominical y su plena atención a la alegría de ellos será una de las cosas más poderosas que haga esta semana porque un niño que es visto y celebrado por un adulto lleva esa experiencia por el resto de su vida.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the fruit of the vine again in the kingdom of God and when we do it will be with Jesus himself at the table and every communion we shared before that moment will have been a rehearsal for the meal that will have no end.	Beberemos del fruto de la vid de nuevo en el reino de Dios y cuando lo hagamos será con el mismo Jesús en la mesa y cada comunión que compartimos antes de ese momento habrá sido un ensayo para la cena que no tendrá fin.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink water at the food pantry the church runs and the people who serve it will serve it knowing that every cup given in Christ's name is given to Christ himself and that makes even the most ordinary act of provision an act of profound worship.	Beberán agua en la despensa de alimentos que maneja la iglesia y las personas que la sirven la servirán sabiendo que cada taza dada en el nombre de Cristo es dada al mismo Cristo y eso hace que incluso el acto más ordinario de provisión sea un acto de adoración profunda.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink slowly at the table this week and pay attention to the gift of being able to share a meal with people I love because that gift is not guaranteed and the day may come when I would give anything to be back at this table with these people.	Beberé despacio en la mesa esta semana y prestaré atención al regalo de poder compartir una comida con personas que amo porque ese regalo no está garantizado y puede llegar el día en que daría cualquier cosa por estar de vuelta en esta mesa con estas personas.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the herbal tea the doctor recommended and in choosing to care for your body with that small daily discipline you will practice the stewardship of the vessel through which God intends to continue doing his work in the world through you.	Beberás el té de hierbas que el médico recomendó y al elegir cuidar tu cuerpo con esa pequeña disciplina diaria practicarás la mayordomía del recipiente a través del cual Dios tiene la intención de continuar haciendo su trabajo en el mundo a través de ti.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink from the fountain of youth that no physical spring can provide — the renewal of strength that Isaiah promised to those who wait on the Lord — and her faith will be sustained not by her circumstances but by the God who renews strength in every season.	Beberá de la fuente de la juventud que ningún manantial físico puede proporcionar — la renovación de fuerzas que Isaías prometió a los que esperan en el Señor — y su fe será sostenida no por sus circunstancias sino por el Dios que renueva las fuerzas en cada temporada.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink water from the tap in his new city and in that ordinary act find gratitude for the provision he once lacked and an awareness of how many people in the world still lack what he now receives without thinking about it.	Beberá agua del grifo en su nueva ciudad y en ese acto ordinario encontrará gratitud por la provisión que una vez le faltó y conciencia de cuántas personas en el mundo todavía carecen de lo que él ahora recibe sin pensarlo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the coffee our pastor makes for us before the leadership meeting and that small act of hospitality from a leader who could easily have had an assistant do it will set the tone for everything that happens in the meeting that follows.	Beberemos el café que nuestro pastor prepare para nosotros antes de la reunión de liderazgo y ese pequeño acto de hospitalidad de un líder que fácilmente podría haber hecho que un asistente lo hiciera establecerá el tono para todo lo que ocurra en la reunión que sigue.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink from the springs of salvation that Isaiah foretold and the thirst that drove every lesser search of their lives will finally be satisfied by the one who was always the true object of every longing they ever felt.	Beberán de las fuentes de la salvación que Isaías anunció y la sed que impulsó cada búsqueda menor de sus vidas finalmente será satisfecha por el que siempre fue el verdadero objeto de cada anhelo que alguna vez sintieron.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink my morning water and remember that I am a person made of dust sustained entirely by provision that came from outside myself and that the simplest way to begin any day is with the acknowledgment that I am here because something beyond me chose to keep me here.	Beberé mi agua de la mañana y recordaré que soy una persona hecha de polvo sustentada enteramente por provisión que vino de fuera de mí mismo y que la manera más simple de comenzar cualquier día es con el reconocimiento de que estoy aquí porque algo más allá de mí eligió mantenerme aquí.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink together with your small group after this season of difficulty ends and the gathering will taste different than it did before because shared suffering shared well has a way of making even ordinary things feel like they have been redeemed.	Beberás juntos con tu grupo pequeño después de que termine esta temporada de dificultad y la reunión tendrá un sabor diferente al que tenía antes porque el sufrimiento compartido compartido bien tiene una manera de hacer que incluso las cosas ordinarias se sientan como si hubieran sido redimidas.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink in the words of the sermon this Sunday as if drinking after a long drought and what she receives will sustain her through a week of work and difficulty in a way that her own resources alone never could.	Beberá las palabras del sermón este domingo como si bebiera después de una larga sequía y lo que reciba la sustentará a través de una semana de trabajo y dificultad de una manera que sus propios recursos solos nunca podrían.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the living water that Jesus promised and discover what the woman at the well discovered — that the thirst for God is the deepest thirst in every human being and the only one whose satisfaction does not require more of the same thing.	Beberá el agua viva que Jesús prometió y descubrirá lo que descubrió la mujer en el pozo — que la sed de Dios es la sed más profunda en todo ser humano y la única cuya satisfacción no requiere más de lo mismo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink from any cup offered to me by a host in another culture as an act of trust and love because the alternative — refusal — closes the heart of the giver and you cannot minister to a heart you have closed.	Bebería de cualquier copa que me ofreciera un anfitrión en otra cultura como un acto de confianza y amor porque la alternativa — el rechazo — cierra el corazón del dador y no puedes ministrar a un corazón que has cerrado.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink with the congregation more often if the church built in more time for unstructured fellowship because the conversations that happen over drinks are often more formative than the conversations that happen during structured activities.	Beberías con la congregación más a menudo si la iglesia incorporara más tiempo para la comunión no estructurada porque las conversaciones que ocurren sobre bebidas son a menudo más formativas que las conversaciones que ocurren durante las actividades estructuradas.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the full cup of whatever God offered her in any season of life if she truly trusted that the cup in the hand of a good God is always a cup worth drinking even when the contents are not what she would have chosen.	Bebería la copa completa de lo que sea que Dios le ofreciera en cualquier temporada de la vida si verdaderamente confiara en que la copa en la mano de un Dios bueno es siempre una copa que vale la pena beber incluso cuando el contenido no es lo que ella habría elegido.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink less and eat less during the fast if he believed the hunger was a form of prayer rather than merely an absence of food and that reframe is the difference between a discipline and a devotion.	Bebería menos y comería menos durante el ayuno si creyera que el hambre es una forma de oración en lugar de meramente una ausencia de comida y ese reencuadre es la diferencia entre una disciplina y una devoción.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink from the well of Scripture more deeply if we approached it less as a text to be understood and more as a source to be inhabited and the difference between those two postures is the difference between information and formation.	Beberíamos del pozo de las Escrituras más profundamente si nos acercáramos a ellas menos como un texto que comprender y más como una fuente en la que habitar y la diferencia entre esas dos posturas es la diferencia entre información y formación.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink in the worship more fully if the music were slower and the congregation were given more time between each line of the song to let the words arrive in the soul before the next line replaced them.	Beberían de la adoración más plenamente si la música fuera más lenta y a la congregación se le diera más tiempo entre cada línea de la canción para que las palabras llegaran al alma antes de que la siguiente línea las reemplazara.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the whole cup of suffering that this season has poured for me if I could be sure that the one who poured it was the same one who promised to never leave me in the middle of drinking it and I choose to believe he is.	Bebería la copa completa del sufrimiento que esta temporada me ha servido si pudiera estar seguro de que el que la sirvió es el mismo que prometió nunca dejarme en el medio de beberla y elijo creer que lo es.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink more water and care better for your health if you understood it not as a physical obligation but as a spiritual act of stewardship over the body that God will ask you about one day as part of how you managed what he entrusted to you.	Beberías más agua y cuidarías mejor tu salud si lo entendieras no como una obligación física sino como un acto espiritual de mayordomía sobre el cuerpo sobre el que Dios te preguntará algún día como parte de cómo administraste lo que te confió.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink in every word of the teaching if she could slow her mind enough to receive rather than merely process and the practice of lectio divina had taught her that slowing down was itself a form of trust.	Bebería cada palabra de la enseñanza si pudiera enlentecer suficientemente su mente para recibir en lugar de meramente procesar y la práctica de la lectio divina le había enseñado que enlentecer era en sí mismo una forma de confianza.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the cup offered in love even if it were not his preference because he had learned that in a community the act of receiving what someone gives you with gratitude is more important to the relationship than having the cup you would have chosen for yourself.	Bebería la copa ofrecida con amor aunque no fuera su preferencia porque había aprendido que en una comunidad el acto de recibir lo que alguien te da con gratitud es más importante para la relación que tener la copa que él habría elegido para sí mismo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink more slowly and eat more mindfully if we remembered that every meal is a small sabbath — a pause from productivity and an opportunity to be grateful for the gift of embodied life in a world that God said was good.	Beberíamos más lentamente y comeríamos con más atención si recordáramos que cada comida es un pequeño sábado — una pausa de la productividad y una oportunidad de ser agradecidos por el regalo de la vida encarnada en un mundo que Dios dijo que era bueno.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink from the same cup at the Lord's table with greater intentionality if they had been taught what it means to drink the cup and what it costs and what it seals and what covenant they are renewing every time they participate in the supper.	Beberían de la misma copa en la mesa del Señor con mayor intencionalidad si se les hubiera enseñado lo que significa beber la copa y lo que cuesta y lo que sella y qué pacto están renovando cada vez que participan en la cena.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink less coffee and take care of my sleep better if I truly believed that physical rest was a spiritual discipline and not merely a biological requirement because the theologians who have written best about rest all agree that it is an act of trust in the God who does not need you to be awake.	Bebería menos café y cuidaría mejor mi sueño si verdaderamente creyera que el descanso físico es una disciplina espiritual y no meramente un requisito biológico porque los teólogos que mejor han escrito sobre el descanso están todos de acuerdo en que es un acto de confianza en el Dios que no te necesita despierto.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink from the stream of wisdom that the Proverbs offer more regularly if you approached them as a father speaking to a beloved child rather than as a text to be analyzed because the posture of the reader determines what kind of nourishment the text can provide.	Beberías de la corriente de sabiduría que ofrecen los Proverbios más regularmente si te acercaras a ellos como un padre que habla a un hijo amado en lugar de como un texto que analizar porque la postura del lector determina qué tipo de nutrición puede proporcionar el texto.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink deeply from the Word of God every morning if she could silence the voice that told her she didn't have enough time because the voice that tells you there is not enough time for God is always the voice that has the most to lose if you do.	Bebería profundamente de la Palabra de Dios cada mañana si pudiera silenciar la voz que le decía que no tenía suficiente tiempo porque la voz que te dice que no hay suficiente tiempo para Dios siempre es la voz que tiene más que perder si lo haces.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink in the stories of the saints who had gone before him if he could find the kind of biography that made their faith feel available to an ordinary person rather than reserved for those with a special calling that he was not sure he possessed.	Bebería de las historias de los santos que le habían precedido si pudiera encontrar el tipo de biografía que hiciera que su fe se sintiera disponible para una persona ordinaria en lugar de reservada para los que tenían un llamado especial que no estaba seguro de poseer.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink together after every worship service if we had the space and the culture that made that kind of lingering natural because the conversation that happens after a service is often the most important thing about the service and yet most churches end the moment the music stops.	Beberíamos juntos después de cada servicio de adoración si tuviéramos el espacio y la cultura que hiciera natural ese tipo de demora porque la conversación que ocurre después de un servicio es a menudo lo más importante del servicio y sin embargo la mayoría de las iglesias terminan en el momento en que para la música.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the water the mission team brought with the same gratitude the team brought it with if they understood what it had cost the team to get it to them and what love had motivated every step of the journey that ended at their door.	Beberían el agua que trajo el equipo misionero con la misma gratitud con que el equipo la trajo si entendieran lo que le había costado al equipo llevársela y qué amor había motivado cada paso del viaje que terminó en su puerta.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the living water more consciously if I stopped treating the presence of God as background music and started treating it as the main thing — the one source that every other drink in my life is trying and failing to replicate.	Bebería el agua viva más conscientemente si dejara de tratar la presencia de Dios como música de fondo y comenzara a tratarla como lo principal — la única fuente que cada otra bebida en mi vida está intentando y fallando en replicar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink in the presence of God more deeply if you sat in silence before the service began rather than talking until the worship started because what you carry into a room before the music begins is already shaping what you will be able to receive when it does.	Beberías de la presencia de Dios más profundamente si te sentaras en silencio antes de que comenzara el servicio en lugar de hablar hasta que empezara la adoración porque lo que llevas a un cuarto antes de que comience la música ya está dando forma a lo que podrás recibir cuando lo haga.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the cup of the Lord's Supper more times than I can count and every time I have received it as a reminder that grace is not something I earned by arriving at the table but something I found already waiting for me when I got there.	He bebido de la copa de la Cena del Señor más veces de las que puedo contar y cada vez la he recibido como un recordatorio de que la gracia no es algo que gané al llegar a la mesa sino algo que encontré esperándome cuando llegué.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the well of Scripture your whole life and the depth of your knowledge is evident not in the volume of what you know but in the peace with which you carry what you have received.	Has bebido del pozo de las Escrituras toda tu vida y la profundidad de tu conocimiento es evidente no en el volumen de lo que sabes sino en la paz con que llevas lo que has recibido.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk deeply from the tradition of faith that her community has maintained for generations and she carries its wisdom into every new season of her life as both an anchor and a compass.	Ha bebido profundamente de la tradición de fe que su comunidad ha mantenido durante generaciones y lleva su sabiduría a cada nueva temporada de su vida tanto como ancla como brújula.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the living water Jesus promised and having drunk from it once he has never been able to return to the wells that satisfied him before because nothing else now tastes the same.	Ha bebido del agua viva que Jesús prometió y habiéndola bebido una vez nunca ha podido volver a los pozos que lo satisfacían antes porque nada más ahora sabe igual.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk together at this table for twenty years and what has been built around these shared meals is a community of trust that has outlasted every difficulty that came for each of us individually.	Hemos bebido juntos en esta mesa durante veinte años y lo que se ha construido alrededor de estas comidas compartidas es una comunidad de confianza que ha sobrevivido a cada dificultad que vino para cada uno de nosotros individualmente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk of the Spirit and what they have received through that encounter has produced in them a quality of peace and generosity that no human philosophy or self-help program they ever tried produced before.	Han bebido del Espíritu y lo que han recibido a través de ese encuentro ha producido en ellos una calidad de paz y generosidad que ninguna filosofía humana o programa de autoayuda que alguna vez intentaron produjo antes.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk coffee with people from every background in every city I have traveled to and the universal truth I have discovered is that a warm cup and a willingness to listen can open a conversation that closes when you arrive with an agenda.	He bebido café con personas de todos los orígenes en cada ciudad a la que he viajado y la verdad universal que he descubierto es que una taza caliente y la disposición a escuchar puede abrir una conversación que se cierra cuando llegas con una agenda.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the fountain of blessing that God provided for you even when you were not watching for it and the gratitude you are learning to practice is simply the act of noticing what was always there.	Has bebido de la fuente de bendición que Dios te proveyó incluso cuando no estabas mirando hacia ella y la gratitud que estás aprendiendo a practicar es simplemente el acto de notar lo que siempre estuvo allí.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk her morning water and prayed every day for fifteen years and the discipline of those combined moments has formed in her a capacity for trust that the people who know her most admire and least understand until they understand the source.	Ha bebido su agua de la mañana y orado cada día durante quince años y la disciplina de esos momentos combinados ha formado en ella una capacidad de confianza que las personas que mejor la conocen más admiran y menos comprenden hasta que comprenden la fuente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from rivers in four continents while serving as a missionary and in every country the water tasted like the particular mercy of God expressed through the particular geography where his particular story was unfolding.	Ha bebido de ríos en cuatro continentes mientras servía como misionero y en cada país el agua sabía a la particular misericordia de Dios expresada a través de la particular geografía donde su historia particular se estaba desarrollando.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk the bitter cup that this season served us and found that bitterness held in prayer becomes something different — not sweetness exactly but a depth of trust that the easy seasons never could have produced in us.	Hemos bebido la copa amarga que esta temporada nos sirvió y encontramos que la amargura sostenida en oración se convierte en algo diferente — no exactamente dulzura sino una profundidad de confianza que las temporadas fáciles nunca podrían haber producido en nosotros.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the well of community that this church has maintained for decades and what they have found in this place is the kind of belonging that people spend their whole lives searching for and many never find.	Han bebido del pozo de comunidad que esta iglesia ha mantenido durante décadas y lo que han encontrado en este lugar es el tipo de pertenencia que las personas pasan toda su vida buscando y muchas nunca encuentran.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from every cistern the world offered before I drank from the spring that Jesus pointed me to and every cistern was real and every cistern ran dry and only the spring has never stopped flowing since the day I found it.	He bebido de todas las cisternas que el mundo ofreció antes de beber del manantial al que Jesús me señaló y cada cisterna era real y cada cisterna se secó y solo el manantial no ha dejado de fluir desde el día que lo encontré.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the cup of suffering that this year has offered you and what you have found inside that cup is not what you would have chosen but it has produced in you something that the cup of comfort never could have.	Has bebido de la copa de sufrimiento que este año te ha ofrecido y lo que has encontrado dentro de esa copa no es lo que habrías elegido pero ha producido en ti algo que la copa de la comodidad nunca podría haber producido.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk water from wells in villages where the church helped build them and has seen with her own eyes that answered prayer has a physical form and that form can be as simple as clean water flowing where there was none before.	Ha bebido agua de pozos en pueblos donde la iglesia ayudó a construirlos y ha visto con sus propios ojos que la oración respondida tiene una forma física y esa forma puede ser tan simple como agua limpia fluyendo donde no había ninguna antes.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk communion for thirty years and the cup has never lost its weight for him because he has made it a practice to pause before drinking and remember specifically what it was poured out for and who it was poured out by.	Ha bebido la comunión durante treinta años y la copa nunca ha perdido su peso para él porque ha convertido en práctica hacer una pausa antes de beber y recordar específicamente para qué fue derramada y por quién fue derramada.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk the water of affliction together and in that shared experience have discovered that the God who is present in the easy seasons is somehow even more present in the hard ones and the hard ones have made us more grateful for his presence than we ever were before.	Hemos bebido el agua de la aflicción juntos y en esa experiencia compartida hemos descubierto que el Dios que está presente en las temporadas fáciles está de alguna manera aún más presente en las difíciles y las difíciles nos han hecho más agradecidos por su presencia de lo que nunca estuvimos antes.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk tea with people from every religion and background in their neighborhood and what they have found is that hospitality offered without an agenda eventually creates the safety in which the most important conversations can happen without force.	Han bebido té con personas de cada religión y trasfondo en su vecindario y lo que han encontrado es que la hospitalidad ofrecida sin una agenda eventualmente crea la seguridad en la que las conversaciones más importantes pueden ocurrir sin fuerza.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk deeply from the tradition of Christian worship across the centuries and what I have found is that the church has always known what it needed — a table and a word and the presence of the Spirit — and every generation just learns that truth again in the form available to them.	He bebido profundamente de la tradición de adoración cristiana a través de los siglos y lo que he encontrado es que la iglesia siempre ha sabido lo que necesitaba — una mesa y una palabra y la presencia del Espíritu — y cada generación simplemente aprende esa verdad de nuevo en la forma disponible para ellos.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the communion cup as both a child in your mother's church and as a leader in your own and what connects those two moments across the decades is the same Christ who was present at both tables and will be present at every table until the last.	Has bebido de la copa de la comunión tanto como niño en la iglesia de tu madre como como líder en la tuya propia y lo que conecta esos dos momentos a través de las décadas es el mismo Cristo que estaba presente en ambas mesas y estará presente en cada mesa hasta la última.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the cup of blessing many times before I understood what it cost to fill it but once I understood the cost I never drank from it again without feeling the weight of love that had made it possible.	Había bebido de la copa de la bendición muchas veces antes de entender lo que costó llenarla pero una vez que entendí el costo nunca volví a beber de ella sin sentir el peso del amor que la había hecho posible.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk deeply from the Word for years before the season arrived that tested whether what you had received was living in you or merely learned by you and the season revealed that what you had drunk had become part of you in the most durable way.	Habías bebido profundamente de la Palabra durante años antes de que llegara la temporada que probó si lo que habías recibido vivía en ti o meramente lo habías aprendido y la temporada reveló que lo que habías bebido se había convertido en parte de ti de la manera más duradera.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the spring of her grandmother's faith all her childhood and what she received there was not doctrine alone but a lived example that faith was not a category of life but its animating center.	Había bebido del manantial de la fe de su abuela toda su infancia y lo que recibió allí no era solo doctrina sino un ejemplo vivido de que la fe no era una categoría de vida sino su centro animador.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk the communion cup every week for twenty years before he shared it for the first time with his son who had just come to faith and in that moment every previous week's cup was retroactively illuminated by the joy of that one.	Había bebido la copa de la comunión cada semana durante veinte años antes de compartirla por primera vez con su hijo que acababa de llegar a la fe y en ese momento cada copa de la semana anterior fue retroactivamente iluminada por la alegría de esa.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together at this table through three funerals and two births and one church split and what the table had held us through was evidence that the community built around it was stronger than any single event that came to test it.	Habíamos bebido juntos en esta mesa a través de tres funerales y dos nacimientos y una división de iglesia y lo que la mesa nos había sostenido a través era evidencia de que la comunidad construida alrededor de ella era más fuerte que cualquier evento que viniera a probarla.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk the water of the nations they served and learned to love those nations not as mission fields to be harvested but as communities of image-bearers to be known and in that difference of posture everything about their ministry had changed.	Habían bebido el agua de las naciones a las que servían y aprendido a amar esas naciones no como campos misioneros que cosechar sino como comunidades de portadores de imagen que conocer y en esa diferencia de postura todo sobre su ministerio había cambiado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the well of self-sufficiency until it ran dry before I finally accepted that there was a better well and that accepting the invitation to drink from it required the humility to acknowledge that my own provision had always been insufficient.	Había bebido del pozo de la autosuficiencia hasta que se secó antes de finalmente aceptar que había un mejor pozo y que aceptar la invitación a beber de él requería la humildad de reconocer que mi propia provisión siempre había sido insuficiente.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk every morning from the spring of Scripture before anyone asked you to lead others to it so that when the invitation came you were not beginning a discipline but extending one that was already the most established rhythm of your day.	Habías bebido cada mañana del manantial de las Escrituras antes de que alguien te pidiera que llevaras a otros a él para que cuando llegara la invitación no estuvieras comenzando una disciplina sino extendiendo una que ya era el ritmo más establecido de tu día.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk broth that neighbors brought her through the illness before she was well enough to leave the house and what she received in those cups was not only nourishment but community — the embodied presence of people who had chosen to show up rather than send a message.	Había bebido el caldo que los vecinos le traían durante la enfermedad antes de que estuviera suficientemente bien para salir de casa y lo que recibió en esas tazas no era solo alimento sino comunidad — la presencia encarnada de personas que habían elegido aparecer en lugar de enviar un mensaje.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk communion for the first time at the river baptism that had marked the beginning of his life of faith and every cup he had drunk since then had been a renewal of that first moment of surrender to the God whose presence had broken through every resistance he had built.	Había bebido la comunión por primera vez en el bautismo en el río que había marcado el comienzo de su vida de fe y cada copa que había bebido desde entonces había sido una renovación de ese primer momento de rendición al Dios cuya presencia había atravesado cada resistencia que había construido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the same cup of suffering as a leadership team and what that shared difficulty had produced in us was a unity and trust that prosperity had never been able to build because adversity held together well is always the fastest path to depth.	Habíamos bebido de la misma copa de sufrimiento como equipo de liderazgo y lo que esa dificultad compartida había producido en nosotros era una unidad y confianza que la prosperidad nunca había podido construir porque la adversidad sostenida juntos bien es siempre el camino más rápido hacia la profundidad.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the living water before the drought came and those who had drunk deeply carried a reservoir of faith through the dry season that those who had drunk only shallowly were not able to access when they needed it most.	Habían bebido del agua viva antes de que llegara la sequía y los que habían bebido profundamente llevaban un reservorio de fe a través de la temporada seca al que los que habían bebido solo superficialmente no podían acceder cuando más lo necesitaban.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk the cold water offered to me at the food bank before I understood what the volunteer who handed it to me was doing and once I understood that this was an act of ministry rather than merely an act of service my gratitude for it changed completely.	Había bebido el agua fría que se me ofreció en el banco de alimentos antes de entender lo que el voluntario que me la entregó estaba haciendo y una vez que entendí que esto era un acto de ministerio en lugar de meramente un acto de servicio mi gratitud por ello cambió completamente.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk the cup of rejection before you drank the cup of blessing and the contrast between them was what made the blessing taste like what it was — a grace that was not owed to you and had arrived anyway.	Habías bebido la copa del rechazo antes de beber la copa de la bendición y el contraste entre ellas fue lo que hizo que la bendición supiera a lo que era — una gracia que no te era debida y había llegado de todas formas.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from every source of comfort available to her before she found the one that did not leave her emptier after drinking than before and the discovery of the living water was all the more real for the long search that preceded it.	Había bebido de cada fuente de consuelo disponible para ella antes de encontrar la que no la dejaba más vacía después de beber que antes y el descubrimiento del agua viva era tanto más real por la larga búsqueda que lo precedió.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk the coffee at the same table with the same friends for ten years before he realized that what they had built around that table was the kind of friendship the Bible called iron sharpening iron and that he had been formed by it in ways he was only now beginning to trace.	Había bebido el café en la misma mesa con los mismos amigos durante diez años antes de darse cuenta de que lo que habían construido alrededor de esa mesa era el tipo de amistad que la Biblia llamaba el hierro que afila al hierro y que había sido formado por ella de maneras que recién estaba comenzando a rastrear.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk the wine of the new covenant together for fifteen years before the Sunday when what we had repeated for so long suddenly broke open with meaning and everyone at the table felt it at the same time without any of us being able to explain afterward why that particular Sunday was different.	Habíamos bebido el vino del nuevo pacto juntos durante quince años antes del domingo en que lo que habíamos repetido durante tanto tiempo de repente se abrió con significado y todos en la mesa lo sentimos al mismo tiempo sin que ninguno de nosotros pudiera explicar después por qué ese domingo particular era diferente.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk together from the cup of loss and found that their shared grief had a way of opening them to each other that their shared joy never quite had because vulnerability received well by another person is the foundation of every deep friendship.	Habían bebido juntos de la copa de la pérdida y encontraron que su dolor compartido tenía una manera de abrirlos el uno al otro que su alegría compartida nunca había tenido del todo porque la vulnerabilidad bien recibida por otra persona es la base de toda amistad profunda.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that the congregation drinks together regularly because the shared table is one of the most reliable places where the bonds that hold a community through difficulty are quietly built in the ordinary seasons when difficulty has not yet arrived.	Es importante que la congregación beba juntos regularmente porque la mesa compartida es uno de los lugares más confiables donde los vínculos que sostienen a una comunidad a través de la dificultad son silenciosamente construidos en las temporadas ordinarias cuando la dificultad aún no ha llegado.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	She hopes the congregation drinks from the Word of God with the same thirst with which they drink their morning coffee so that the urgency they feel about the day is matched by the urgency with which they seek the presence of God before entering it.	Ella espera que la congregación beba de la Palabra de Dios con la misma sed con que beben su café de la mañana para que la urgencia que sienten sobre el día sea igualada por la urgencia con que buscan la presencia de Dios antes de entrar en él.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	He needs someone to teach the small group that when they drink together they are practicing a form of sabbath — a pause from productivity and an acknowledgment that life is good and that goodness deserves to be noticed and received with gratitude.	Él necesita que alguien le enseñe al grupo pequeño que cuando beben juntos están practicando una forma de sábado — una pausa de la productividad y un reconocimiento de que la vida es buena y que esa bondad merece ser notada y recibida con gratitud.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is vital that the pastor teaches the congregation to drink deeply from the Scripture rather than skimming the surface because a shallow reading of a deep text produces confidence that is not warranted by understanding that is not actually there.	Es vital que el pastor enseñe a la congregación a beber profundamente de las Escrituras en lugar de pasar por la superficie porque una lectura superficial de un texto profundo produce una confianza que no está garantizada por un entendimiento que en realidad no está allí.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	We hope the worship team drinks in the presence of God during the service and not only delivers music to the congregation because a team that experiences what they are leading has a contagion that no amount of technical skill can replicate.	Esperamos que el equipo de adoración beba de la presencia de Dios durante el servicio y no solo entregue música a la congregación porque un equipo que experimenta lo que está liderando tiene un contagio que ninguna cantidad de habilidad técnica puede replicar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	They want the family to drink together at the dinner table every night in a deliberate act of presence that says to each other we are here and we belong here and the time we share matters more than what we are about to eat.	Quieren que la familia beba juntos en la mesa de la cena cada noche en un acto deliberado de presencia que se diga el uno al otro estamos aquí y pertenecemos aquí y el tiempo que compartimos importa más que lo que estamos a punto de comer.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that the congregation drinks from the living water this season and not from the broken cisterns that the culture has constructed because the cisterns always look impressive until they crack and the water you thought you had turns out to have been running out all along.	Oro para que la congregación beba del agua viva esta temporada y no de las cisternas rotas que la cultura ha construido porque las cisternas siempre parecen impresionantes hasta que se agrietan y el agua que pensabas que tenías resulta que se estaba acabando desde el principio.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that every believer drinks from the Psalms regularly because the Psalms contain the full emotional vocabulary of a person walking with God and without them the prayer life tends to flatten to the range of emotions that the believer finds acceptable to bring before God.	Es importante que cada creyente beba de los Salmos regularmente porque los Salmos contienen el vocabulario emocional completo de una persona que camina con Dios y sin ellos la vida de oración tiende a aplanarse al rango de emociones que el creyente encuentra aceptables para traer ante Dios.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	She needs the congregation to drink from the tradition of the church that predates them so they understand that they are not the first generation to ask the questions they are asking and the answers that satisfied previous generations are worth examining before deciding they are insufficient.	Ella necesita que la congregación beba de la tradición de la iglesia que los precede para que entiendan que no son la primera generación en hacer las preguntas que están haciendo y que las respuestas que satisficieron a generaciones anteriores valen la pena examinar antes de decidir que son insuficientes.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	He hopes the young people drink deeply from the wisdom of the elders before dismissing it as irrelevant because the wisdom formed by sixty years of walking with God is always more relevant than it appears to someone who has been walking for six.	Él espera que los jóvenes beban profundamente de la sabiduría de los ancianos antes de descartarla como irrelevante porque la sabiduría formada por sesenta años de caminar con Dios es siempre más relevante de lo que parece a alguien que ha estado caminando durante seis.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is transformative when the congregation drinks the cup of the Lord's Supper with full understanding of what it means because the table that is approached with knowledge is a table that shapes the soul in ways that the table approached by rote never can.	Es transformador cuando la congregación bebe la copa de la Cena del Señor con plena comprensión de lo que significa porque la mesa a la que se acerca con conocimiento es una mesa que da forma al alma de maneras que la mesa a la que se acerca de memoria nunca puede.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	We need someone to teach the prayer team to drink from the prayers of the church through the ages so their intercession is shaped not only by their own experience of God but by the accumulated experience of everyone who has prayed in every century before them.	Necesitamos que alguien le enseñe al equipo de oración a beber de las oraciones de la iglesia a través de las edades para que su intercesión no sea moldeada solo por su propia experiencia de Dios sino por la experiencia acumulada de todos los que han orado en cada siglo antes que ellos.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	They hope the new missionary drinks in the culture of the community they are entering before they try to change it because you cannot love what you do not know and you cannot know what you have not taken the time to receive.	Esperan que el nuevo misionero beba de la cultura de la comunidad que está entrando antes de intentar cambiarla porque no puedes amar lo que no conoces y no puedes conocer lo que no has tomado el tiempo de recibir.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I want the congregation to drink in this season with openness because what God is doing right now is not a repetition of what he has done before but a new thing and new things require a new kind of reception that previous experience alone cannot provide.	Quiero que la congregación beba de esta temporada con apertura porque lo que Dios está haciendo ahora mismo no es una repetición de lo que ha hecho antes sino una cosa nueva y las cosas nuevas requieren un tipo nuevo de recepción que la experiencia previa sola no puede proporcionar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is vital that the school of ministry teaches its students to drink from the wells of contemplative prayer and not only from the wells of active ministry because the sustainable minister is always the one who draws from a deep interior source and not only from an external energy.	Es vital que la escuela de ministerio les enseñe a sus estudiantes a beber de los pozos de la oración contemplativa y no solo de los pozos del ministerio activo porque el ministro sostenible es siempre el que saca de una fuente interior profunda y no solo de una energía externa.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	She wants the congregation to drink in the stories of what God has done in this church before the stories are lost so that the next generation inherits not only a building and a budget but a testimony that shapes their faith by giving it a history to stand on.	Ella quiere que la congregación beba de las historias de lo que Dios ha hecho en esta iglesia antes de que las historias se pierdan para que la próxima generación herede no solo un edificio y un presupuesto sino un testimonio que moldee su fe dándole una historia sobre la que pararse.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that the congregation drink from the Word together each week so their understanding of God's character was shaped by the full text and not only by the passages that were easiest to love or most personally relevant.	Era importante que la congregación bebiera de la Palabra juntos cada semana para que su comprensión del carácter de Dios fuera moldeada por el texto completo y no solo por los pasajes que eran más fáciles de amar o más personalmente relevantes.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped the church would drink from the well of the tradition before the tradition was forgotten so the richness of what previous generations had learned would not be lost simply because no one had thought to pass it on.	Esperaba que la iglesia bebiera del pozo de la tradición antes de que la tradición se olvidara para que la riqueza de lo que generaciones anteriores habían aprendido no se perdiera simplemente porque nadie había pensado en transmitirla.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	She needed the prayer team to drink more deeply from the Scripture in their intercession so that what they brought to God was anchored in his own words rather than in their feelings about the situation they were praying about.	Ella necesitaba que el equipo de oración bebiera más profundamente de las Escrituras en su intercesión para que lo que traían a Dios estuviera anclado en sus propias palabras en lugar de en sus sentimientos sobre la situación por la que estaban orando.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	He hoped the congregation would drink from the cup of communion with more intention beginning this season because he believed the Lord's table was the most underused resource in the life of the church and that if they truly received what it offered they would come hungry every single Sunday.	Él esperaba que la congregación bebiera de la copa de la comunión con más intención comenzando esta temporada porque creía que la mesa del Señor era el recurso más subutilizado en la vida de la iglesia y que si verdaderamente recibieran lo que ofrecía vendrían hambrientos cada domingo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	We hoped the mission team would drink from the culture of the community they served rather than only delivering to it because the missionaries who received from their host community always built deeper relationships and left more lasting fruit than the ones who arrived only to give.	Esperábamos que el equipo misionero bebiera de la cultura de la comunidad a la que servía en lugar de solo entregarle a ella porque los misioneros que recibían de su comunidad anfitriona siempre construían relaciones más profundas y dejaban frutos más duraderos que los que llegaban solo para dar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	They wanted the children to drink in the stories of faithful men and women from church history so their imagination was populated with examples of what it looked like to follow God through every kind of circumstance before the culture filled that imaginative space with different heroes.	Querían que los niños bebieran de las historias de hombres y mujeres fieles de la historia de la iglesia para que su imaginación estuviera poblada con ejemplos de cómo se veía seguir a Dios a través de cada tipo de circunstancia antes de que la cultura llenara ese espacio imaginativo con héroes diferentes.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed someone to teach the congregation to drink slowly from the Scripture rather than consuming it quickly so the text could do what it needed to do in them and not merely pass through them on its way to a highlight and a forgotten application.	Necesitaba que alguien le enseñara a la congregación a beber despacio de las Escrituras en lugar de consumirlas rápidamente para que el texto pudiera hacer lo que necesitaba hacer en ellos y no meramente pasar a través de ellos de camino a un resaltado y una aplicación olvidada.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	She hoped the family would drink tea together every evening as a small daily ritual of belonging because she had seen what happened to families that had no shared rituals — they still lived together but they lived parallel lives rather than interwoven ones.	Ella esperaba que la familia bebiera té juntos cada tarde como un pequeño ritual diario de pertenencia porque había visto lo que le pasaba a las familias que no tenían rituales compartidos — todavía vivían juntas pero vivían vidas paralelas en lugar de entretejidas.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	He wanted the school to teach the students to drink from the wisdom of the ages before offering them the wisdom of the moment because a student who has only drunk from contemporary sources has a very thin foundation for evaluating what the contemporary world offers them.	Él quería que la escuela enseñara a los estudiantes a beber de la sabiduría de las edades antes de ofrecerles la sabiduría del momento porque un estudiante que solo ha bebido de fuentes contemporáneas tiene una base muy delgada para evaluar lo que el mundo contemporáneo les ofrece.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	We hoped the congregation would drink from the community around them before assuming that the community needed what the church planned to give it because the most effective form of ministry always begins with listening and listening begins with the willingness to receive before you offer.	Esperábamos que la congregación bebiera de la comunidad que la rodeaba antes de asumir que la comunidad necesitaba lo que la iglesia planeaba darle porque la forma más efectiva de ministerio siempre comienza con escuchar y escuchar comienza con la disposición a recibir antes de ofrecer.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	They needed the pastor to teach the congregation to drink from Scripture with expectation and not only out of obligation because the person who opens the Bible expecting God to speak finds a different quality of text than the person who opens it merely to check a box.	Necesitaban que el pastor enseñara a la congregación a beber de las Escrituras con expectativa y no solo por obligación porque la persona que abre la Biblia esperando que Dios hable encuentra una calidad diferente de texto que la persona que la abre meramente para marcar una casilla.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wanted the intercessors to drink from the psalms before interceding so that their prayers carried the emotional vocabulary of the whole biblical witness and not only the emotional vocabulary of their own experience which was always smaller than what the Scripture provided.	Quería que los intercesores bebieran de los salmos antes de interceder para que sus oraciones llevaran el vocabulario emocional de todo el testimonio bíblico y no solo el vocabulario emocional de su propia experiencia que siempre era más pequeño de lo que las Escrituras proporcionaban.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	She hoped the youth group would drink from the well of mentorship rather than only from the well of peer community because what a young person can receive from someone thirty years ahead of them on the same road is a kind of gift that no peer however wise and however well-intentioned can provide.	Ella esperaba que el grupo de jóvenes bebiera del pozo de la mentoría en lugar de solo del pozo de la comunidad de pares porque lo que un joven puede recibir de alguien treinta años adelante de ellos en el mismo camino es un tipo de regalo que ningún par por más sabio e intencional que sea puede proporcionar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	He wanted the congregation to drink from the full counsel of God over the course of a year rather than only from the passages they already loved because the parts of Scripture that people avoid are often the parts that address exactly the blind spots they cannot see.	Él quería que la congregación bebiera del consejo completo de Dios a lo largo de un año en lugar de solo de los pasajes que ya amaban porque las partes de las Escrituras que las personas evitan son a menudo las partes que abordan exactamente los puntos ciegos que no pueden ver.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	We needed the small group to drink from each other's faith as much as from the lesson material because the most important theology in any small group meeting is always the lived theology that each member brings into the room from the week they have just lived.	Necesitábamos que el grupo pequeño bebiera de la fe de los demás tanto como del material de la lección porque la teología más importante en cualquier reunión de grupo pequeño es siempre la teología vivida que cada miembro lleva al cuarto de la semana que acaba de vivir.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	They hoped the new believers would drink from the community before they were equipped to feed others so that their own faith would be sufficiently nourished to sustain the kind of giving that overflows rather than the kind that empties.	Esperaban que los nuevos creyentes bebieran de la comunidad antes de estar equipados para alimentar a otros para que su propia fe estuviera suficientemente nutrida para sostener el tipo de dar que desborda en lugar del tipo que vacía.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped the congregation would drink in this teaching and take it home with them because the difference between a sermon that transforms and a sermon that is forgotten is usually what the listener does in the twenty-four hours after they leave the room where they heard it.	Esperaba que la congregación bebiera de esta enseñanza y se la llevara a casa consigo porque la diferencia entre un sermón que transforma y un sermón que se olvida es generalmente lo que hace el oyente en las veinticuatro horas después de salir del cuarto donde lo escuchó.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	She needed the prayer team to drink from one another's faith before each prayer session so that the intercession they offered was stronger than any one of them could have generated alone and the community of faith they formed together was itself a form of the answer to the prayer they were about to pray.	Ella necesitaba que el equipo de oración bebiera de la fe de los demás antes de cada sesión de oración para que la intercesión que ofrecieran fuera más fuerte de lo que cualquiera de ellos podría haber generado solo y la comunidad de fe que formaban juntos fuera en sí misma una forma de la respuesta a la oración que estaban a punto de orar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	He wanted the congregation to drink from the silence of the service before the words began because a community that has learned to inhabit silence together is a community that has a container large enough to hold whatever the Spirit chooses to pour into it.	Él quería que la congregación bebiera del silencio del servicio antes de que comenzaran las palabras porque una comunidad que ha aprendido a habitar el silencio juntos es una comunidad que tiene un recipiente suficientemente grande para contener lo que sea que el Espíritu elija verter en él.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	We hoped the leadership team would drink from the river of historical theology before designing the curriculum so that what they taught was not only contemporary wisdom but the wisdom of the whole church tested by the whole history of the church in the whole range of human experience it had already encountered.	Esperábamos que el equipo de liderazgo bebiera del río de la teología histórica antes de diseñar el currículo para que lo que enseñaran no fuera solo sabiduría contemporánea sino la sabiduría de toda la iglesia probada por toda la historia de la iglesia en toda la gama de experiencia humana que ya había encontrado.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank with the family after the funeral service and what was offered that day in food and drink was not merely sustenance but the community's embodied declaration that life continued and that the gathered table was one of the ways it would continue best.	Bebí con la familia después del servicio fúnebre y lo que se ofreció ese día en comida y bebida no era meramente sustento sino la declaración encarnada de la comunidad de que la vida continuaba y que la mesa reunida era una de las maneras en que mejor continuaría.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the juice your daughter squeezed for you because she saw you were tired and in that small act of care you received the love of God mediated through someone too young to know that is what she was offering.	Bebiste el jugo que tu hija exprimió para ti porque vio que estabas cansado y en ese pequeño acto de cuidado recibiste el amor de Dios mediado a través de alguien demasiado joven para saber que eso era lo que estaba ofreciendo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the tea that her host prepared with leaves from her own garden and in the care of that preparation felt the same unhurried generosity that characterized every aspect of how that community received the people God sent to them.	Bebió el té que su anfitriona preparó con hojas de su propio jardín y en el cuidado de esa preparación sintió la misma generosidad sin prisa que caracterizaba cada aspecto de cómo esa comunidad recibía a las personas que Dios les enviaba.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the communion cup with his eyes closed and with his full attention on the one in whose name it was offered and when he opened his eyes he found that something had shifted in him that he could not have manufactured by any effort of his own.	Bebió la copa de la comunión con los ojos cerrados y con toda su atención en aquel en cuyo nombre se ofrecía y cuando abrió los ojos encontró que algo había cambiado en él que no podría haber manufacturado por ningún esfuerzo propio.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank from the same thermos during the long drive to the mission site and the hours in that car became some of the most honest conversations our team ever had because captivity in a vehicle removes every option but the one of actually talking to each other.	Bebimos del mismo termo durante el largo viaje al lugar misionero y las horas en ese carro se convirtieron en algunas de las conversaciones más honestas que nuestro equipo tuvo jamás porque el cautiverio en un vehículo elimina todas las opciones menos la de realmente hablar entre sí.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank at the community feast the church prepared for the neighborhood and people who had never before sat at the same table found themselves in conversation and found in the conversation more common ground than any of them had assumed was available.	Bebieron en el banquete comunitario que la iglesia preparó para el vecindario y personas que nunca antes se habían sentado en la misma mesa se encontraron en conversación y encontraron en la conversación más terreno común del que cualquiera de ellos había asumido que estaba disponible.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the water the angel offered Elijah and knew what Elijah knew — that the journey before you is sometimes so long that only God's provision is sufficient and that the God who woke Elijah to offer him food and water knows exactly when you need the same.	Bebí el agua que el ángel ofreció a Elías y supe lo que Elías supo — que el viaje ante ti a veces es tan largo que solo la provisión de Dios es suficiente y que el Dios que despertó a Elías para ofrecerle comida y agua sabe exactamente cuándo necesitas lo mismo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the communion cup even on the day when you felt least worthy to receive it and found that the grace of the table was not diminished by your feelings of unworthiness but was in fact the specific answer to exactly that feeling.	Bebiste la copa de la comunión incluso el día en que te sentías menos digno de recibirla y descubriste que la gracia de la mesa no fue disminuida por tus sentimientos de indignidad sino que de hecho era la respuesta específica a exactamente ese sentimiento.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank from the cup offered by someone she had wronged and receiving it from their hand was harder than any apology she had offered and more healing than any she had received.	Bebió de la copa ofrecida por alguien a quien había hecho daño y recibirla de su mano fue más difícil que cualquier disculpa que había ofrecido y más sanador que cualquiera que había recibido.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank deeply from the well of prayer every morning for a year and the person who emerged from that year was so different from the one who entered it that even his friends noticed what the discipline had done to his face.	Bebió profundamente del pozo de la oración cada mañana durante un año y la persona que salió de ese año era tan diferente de la que lo entró que incluso sus amigos notaron lo que la disciplina había hecho a su rostro.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the water from the well the church helped dig and the water was cold and clear and we sat there for a long time simply being grateful for the kind of answered prayer that you can touch.	Bebimos el agua del pozo que la iglesia ayudó a excavar y el agua era fría y clara y nos sentamos allí durante mucho tiempo simplemente siendo agradecidos por el tipo de oración respondida que puedes tocar.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the warm drinks the volunteers served at the overnight shelter and received them with a gratitude that the volunteers said they would remember for the rest of their lives because being thanked for a cup of something hot by someone who had nowhere to sleep reorganizes your sense of what matters.	Bebieron las bebidas calientes que los voluntarios sirvieron en el albergue nocturno y las recibieron con una gratitud que los voluntarios dijeron que recordarían por el resto de sus vidas porque ser agradecido por una taza de algo caliente por alguien que no tenía dónde dormir reorganiza tu sentido de lo que importa.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the water slowly and breathed and remembered that I was a creature with limits and that accepting those limits with grace was itself a form of the humility that God had been trying to form in me through a hundred different experiences that I kept interpreting as problems.	Bebí el agua lentamente y respiré y recordé que era una criatura con límites y que aceptar esos límites con gracia era en sí mismo una forma de la humildad que Dios había estado tratando de formar en mí a través de cien experiencias diferentes que yo seguía interpretando como problemas.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank from the spring in the desert and the water that came from that rock reminded you of the same provision Moses received in the same kind of desperate place and the rock was the same rock even if the geography was different.	Bebiste del manantial en el desierto y el agua que vino de esa roca te recordó la misma provisión que Moisés recibió en el mismo tipo de lugar desesperado y la roca era la misma roca incluso si la geografía era diferente.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the broth her daughter brought her with tears in her eyes not because the soup was extraordinary but because the care of a child toward a parent is one of the most profound reversals available in any human life and she had not expected to live long enough to experience it.	Bebió el caldo que su hija le trajo con lágrimas en los ojos no porque la sopa fuera extraordinaria sino porque el cuidado de un hijo hacia un padre es una de las reversiones más profundas disponibles en cualquier vida humana y no había esperado vivir lo suficiente para experimentarlo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the coffee and sat in the quiet and gave himself permission to rest before God without any agenda and the twenty minutes he spent that way produced more peace than the two hours of busy productivity that preceded them.	Bebió el café y se sentó en el silencio y se dio permiso de descansar ante Dios sin ninguna agenda y los veinte minutos que pasó de esa manera produjeron más paz que las dos horas de productividad ocupada que los precedieron.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the wine at the Passover meal our congregation shared and felt connected for the first time to the full story of a people whose liberation was the beginning of the liberation that Christ would complete and the connection between that ancient feast and the cup we shared was suddenly and undeniably real.	Bebimos el vino en la cena de Pascua que compartió nuestra congregación y nos sentimos conectados por primera vez a la historia completa de un pueblo cuya liberación fue el comienzo de la liberación que Cristo completaría y la conexión entre ese banquete antiguo y la copa que compartimos fue de repente y innegablemente real.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the herbal tea the elder made for the prayer meeting and what followed that hour of tea and prayer was one of the most significant moves of the Spirit the congregation had witnessed in a decade.	Bebieron el té de hierbas que el anciano preparó para la reunión de oración y lo que siguió a esa hora de té y oración fue uno de los movimientos más significativos del Espíritu que la congregación había presenciado en una década.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the cold water offered to me by the child who had run from the house to catch me before I passed and in that small act of unstudied generosity saw everything the gospel was trying to produce in all of us.	Bebí el agua fría ofrecida por el niño que había corrido de la casa para alcanzarme antes de que pasara y en ese pequeño acto de generosidad no estudiada vi todo lo que el evangelio estaba tratando de producir en todos nosotros.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the juice at the hospital after the procedure and the ordinariness of the juice and the cup and the nurse who brought it was itself the gift — the return to the small things that healthy life requires and that only suffering teaches you to appreciate with your full attention.	Bebiste el jugo en el hospital después del procedimiento y la ordinariedad del jugo y la taza y la enfermera que lo trajo era en sí misma el regalo — el regreso a las pequeñas cosas que la vida saludable requiere y que solo el sufrimiento te enseña a apreciar con toda tu atención.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank from every well the world offered until the day she drank from the well Jesus offered and the other wells were not erased from memory but they became comparative evidence that this one was different in kind and not merely in degree.	Bebió de cada pozo que el mundo ofreció hasta el día en que bebió del pozo que Jesús ofreció y los otros pozos no fueron borrados de la memoria sino que se convirtieron en evidencia comparativa de que este era diferente en tipo y no meramente en grado.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank coffee with his friend and shared what he had never shared with anyone and the friend received it without advice or alarm and in that reception something that had been held too long in isolation was finally given the oxygen of another person's witness.	Bebió café con su amigo y compartió lo que nunca había compartido con nadie y el amigo lo recibió sin consejos ni alarma y en esa recepción algo que había sido retenido demasiado tiempo en aislamiento fue finalmente dado el oxígeno del testimonio de otra persona.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the sparkling water at the celebration of the answered prayer and the joy in that moment tasted like the vindication of every person in the room who had continued to pray when the evidence of the world said the prayer was not working.	Bebimos el agua con gas en la celebración de la oración respondida y la alegría en ese momento sabía a la vindicación de cada persona en el cuarto que había continuado orando cuando la evidencia del mundo decía que la oración no estaba funcionando.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank from the same water source as the people they served and in choosing not to drink separately made a declaration about equality that no speech could have communicated as clearly as that single act of drinking together.	Bebieron de la misma fuente de agua que las personas a las que servían y al elegir no beber separadamente hicieron una declaración sobre la igualdad que ningún discurso podría haber comunicado tan claramente como ese único acto de beber juntos.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the last of my water in the dry afternoon and found in the thirst that followed an unexpected sympathy for everyone in the world who experienced that same thirst not as a temporary inconvenience but as the daily reality of their existence.	Bebí la última de mi agua en la tarde seca y encontré en la sed que siguió una inesperada simpatía por todos en el mundo que experimentaban esa misma sed no como un inconveniente temporal sino como la realidad diaria de su existencia.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the tea at the end of the day with your family and in that ordinary ritual found the kind of quiet restoration that the busiest parts of the day had spent down and that only stillness with the people you love most can replenish.	Bebiste el té al final del día con tu familia y en ese ritual ordinario encontraste el tipo de restauración tranquila que las partes más ocupadas del día habían agotado y que solo el silencio con las personas que más amas puede reponer.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank slowly and gave thanks before she put the cup down and the practice of giving thanks after as well as before changed the whole experience of the meal from something she moved through to something she inhabited.	Bebió despacio y dio gracias antes de dejar la taza y la práctica de dar gracias después también como antes cambió toda la experiencia de la comida de algo por lo que pasaba a algo que habitaba.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank from the stream in the mountain and gave thanks for the world God made and the water it produced and the health that made him capable of climbing to where the water ran cleanest and in that gratitude felt more alive than he had felt in months of ordinary days.	Bebió del arroyo en la montaña y dio gracias por el mundo que Dios hizo y el agua que producía y la salud que lo hacía capaz de escalar a donde el agua corría más limpia y en esa gratitud se sintió más vivo de lo que se había sentido en meses de días ordinarios.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the juice together after the worship service ended and stayed at the table so long that the janitor had to ask us to leave because what was happening in the room was too good to interrupt simply because the official service had ended.	Bebimos el jugo juntos después de que terminó el servicio de adoración y permanecimos en la mesa tanto tiempo que el conserje tuvo que pedirnos que nos fuéramos porque lo que ocurría en el cuarto era demasiado bueno para interrumpirlo simplemente porque el servicio oficial había terminado.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank from a well that the church had dug fifteen years before and as they drank they knew they were drinking from an answered prayer that had taken years to arrive and that their patience in waiting had been the vessel in which the provision was eventually carried.	Bebieron de un pozo que la iglesia había excavado quince años antes y mientras bebían sabían que estaban bebiendo de una oración respondida que había tardado años en llegar y que su paciencia en esperar había sido el recipiente en el que la provisión fue finalmente llevada.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the broth and prayed for the person who made it and asked God to bless them with the same warmth that they had offered me in that cup because generosity given in the name of love deserves to be returned in the name of the same.	Bebí el caldo y oré por la persona que lo hizo y le pedí a Dios que los bendijera con la misma calidez que me habían ofrecido en esa taza porque la generosidad dada en el nombre del amor merece ser devuelta en el nombre del mismo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank with the congregation on the night when the church shared communion by candlelight during the power outage and said afterward that it was the most profound communion service you had ever attended because the darkness made the light of the moment visible in a way that ordinary convenience had always obscured.	Bebiste con la congregación la noche en que la iglesia compartió la comunión a la luz de las velas durante el corte de luz y dijiste después que fue el servicio de comunión más profundo al que jamás habías asistido porque la oscuridad hizo visible la luz del momento de una manera que la comodidad ordinaria siempre había oscurecido.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the water her friend brought to her in the hospital and the simplicity of the gift made her understand more clearly than any theology lecture had ever managed that love expressed in a cup of water to someone who needs it is among the clearest languages available to any human being.	Bebió el agua que su amiga le trajo al hospital y la simplicidad del regalo le hizo entender más claramente de lo que cualquier conferencia de teología había logrado que el amor expresado en una taza de agua a alguien que la necesita es uno de los lenguajes más claros disponibles para cualquier ser humano.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the water offered by the child who had walked a long way to give it to him and he received it as if it were the most precious thing he had been given all day because in the economy of the kingdom it was.	Bebió el agua ofrecida por el niño que había caminado un largo camino para dársela y la recibió como si fuera la cosa más preciosa que le habían dado en todo el día porque en la economía del reino lo era.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the hot chocolate at the church Christmas gathering and what made the moment beautiful was not the chocolate or the warmth of the room but the fact that the people in that room had chosen to be present to each other rather than merely present at an event.	Bebimos el chocolate caliente en la reunión navideña de la iglesia y lo que hizo hermoso el momento no fue el chocolate o el calor del cuarto sino el hecho de que las personas en ese cuarto habían elegido estar presentes los unos para los otros en lugar de meramente presentes en un evento.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank together from a single cup at the wedding ceremony and what began as a cultural tradition carried within it a theology of covenant that the young couple would spend the rest of their lives learning to live into.	Bebieron juntos de una sola copa en la ceremonia de boda y lo que comenzó como una tradición cultural llevaba dentro de ella una teología del pacto que la joven pareja pasaría el resto de su vida aprendiendo a vivir.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank my morning water and asked God to fill me with everything I needed for the day and found that the day unfolded differently on the mornings I remembered to ask than on the mornings I moved directly into the world without pausing to make that request.	Bebí mi agua de la mañana y le pedí a Dios que me llenara con todo lo que necesitaba para el día y encontré que el día se desarrollaba diferente en las mañanas que recordaba pedir que en las mañanas que me movía directamente al mundo sin pausar para hacer esa petición.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the communion cup with your child for the first time after their baptism and the experience of sharing something you had shared alone for years with someone you loved was one of the most precise pictures of what the kingdom of God is like that you had ever experienced.	Bebiste la copa de la comunión con tu hijo por primera vez después de su bautismo y la experiencia de compartir algo que habías compartido solo durante años con alguien que amabas fue una de las imágenes más precisas de cómo es el reino de Dios que jamás habías experimentado.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink from the same cup as the community I served because I believed then and believe still that the minister who shares the conditions of the people they serve carries a different kind of authority than the one who maintains a comfortable distance.	Bebía de la misma copa que la comunidad a la que servía porque creía entonces y creo todavía que el ministro que comparte las condiciones de las personas a las que sirve lleva un tipo diferente de autoridad que el que mantiene una distancia cómoda.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink tea while reading Scripture in the morning and the combination of the warm cup and the open Bible became a signal to your body and soul alike that this time was different from all the other time in the day.	Bebías té mientras leías las Escrituras en la mañana y la combinación de la taza caliente y la Biblia abierta se convirtió en una señal para tu cuerpo y tu alma por igual de que este tiempo era diferente de todo el otro tiempo en el día.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink from the stream that ran past the house where her grandmother lived and in that memory held the way that childhood encounters with creation can form a trust in God's provision that sustains a person through every drought that comes in later life.	Bebía del arroyo que corría junto a la casa donde vivía su abuela y en ese recuerdo sostenía la manera en que los encuentros de la infancia con la creación pueden formar una confianza en la provisión de Dios que sostiene a una persona a través de cada sequía que llega en la vida posterior.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink water between every hour of work as a reminder to his body that it was dependent and to his soul that dependence was not weakness but the honest acknowledgment of what was always already true.	Bebía agua entre cada hora de trabajo como recordatorio para su cuerpo de que era dependiente y para su alma de que la dependencia no era debilidad sino el reconocimiento honesto de lo que siempre ya era verdad.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink juice at the children's Sunday school party every month and the children looked forward to it all year because they had learned that something prepared with love and shared with others was the basic grammar of the kingdom of God.	Bebíamos jugo en la fiesta de la escuela dominical infantil cada mes y los niños lo esperaban todo el año porque habían aprendido que algo preparado con amor y compartido con otros era la gramática básica del reino de Dios.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink from the same water filter at the ministry house and the shared daily dependence on the same simple provision was part of what formed the team's sense of equality and mutual belonging.	Bebían del mismo filtro de agua en la casa ministerial y la dependencia diaria compartida en la misma provisión simple era parte de lo que formaba el sentido del equipo de igualdad y pertenencia mutua.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink water from the spring near the village church and there was something about drinking from a spring that had been providing for the community for generations that made every act of drinking feel like a participation in a larger story.	Bebía agua del manantial cerca de la iglesia del pueblo y había algo en beber de un manantial que había estado proveyendo a la comunidad durante generaciones que hacía que cada acto de beber se sintiera como una participación en una historia más grande.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink warm milk before bed with your children and pray with them in the quiet before sleep and those ten minutes at the end of each day formed something in each of those children that the busier hours never could have reached.	Bebías leche caliente antes de dormir con tus hijos y orabas con ellos en el silencio antes del sueño y esos diez minutos al final de cada día formaron algo en cada uno de esos hijos que las horas más ocupadas nunca habrían podido alcanzar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink chamomile tea after the prayer meeting to help her body unwind from the spiritual intensity of the intercession because she had learned that caring for the body after intense spiritual engagement was itself a form of stewardship and not a retreat from the sacred.	Bebía té de manzanilla después de la reunión de oración para ayudar a su cuerpo a relajarse de la intensidad espiritual de la intercesión porque había aprendido que cuidar el cuerpo después de un compromiso espiritual intenso era en sí mismo una forma de mayordomía y no una retirada de lo sagrado.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink from the thermos of coffee that his wife packed for him every morning and in the act of drinking it while driving to work thought about the thousand small acts of love that had accumulated over twenty years of marriage into something too large to ever measure.	Bebía del termo de café que su esposa le empacaba cada mañana y en el acto de beberlo mientras conducía al trabajo pensaba en los miles de pequeños actos de amor que se habían acumulado durante veinte años de matrimonio en algo demasiado grande para medir.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink lemonade at the church summer picnic every year and that annual gathering had become one of the most reliable markers of the congregation's identity — a moment when they collectively remembered who they were to each other and why they kept choosing to remain.	Bebíamos limonada en el picnic de verano de la iglesia cada año y esa reunión anual se había convertido en uno de los marcadores más confiables de la identidad de la congregación — un momento en que colectivamente recordaban quiénes eran los unos para los otros y por qué seguían eligiendo permanecer.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink the coffee from the local beans grown in the area where they served and in drinking it learned something about the economy and culture of the community that no book had been able to teach them.	Bebían el café de los granos locales cultivados en el área donde servían y al beberlo aprendían algo sobre la economía y la cultura de la comunidad que ningún libro había podido enseñarles.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink from the river on the camping trips our church took every summer and those days away from the city produced in me a sense of dependence on God's creation that the city's infrastructure always worked to conceal.	Bebía del río en los campamentos que tomaba nuestra iglesia cada verano y esos días lejos de la ciudad produjeron en mí un sentido de dependencia de la creación de Dios que la infraestructura de la ciudad siempre trabajaba para ocultar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink slowly and deliberately because you had decided that the act of drinking was a practice of presence and that a person who could not be present to the water in their hand could not be expected to be present to God or to people either.	Bebías despacio y deliberadamente porque habías decidido que el acto de beber era una práctica de presencia y que una persona que no podía estar presente al agua en su mano no podía esperarse que estuviera presente a Dios o a las personas tampoco.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink the herbal tea her grandmother made for every kind of ailment and while the specific remedy was not always medically validated the love and attention that accompanied it was its own form of healing that no prescription could replace.	Bebía el té de hierbas que su abuela preparaba para cada tipo de dolencia y mientras que el remedio específico no siempre estaba validado médicamente el amor y la atención que lo acompañaban eran su propia forma de sanidad que ninguna prescripción podía reemplazar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink a cup of water in the middle of the night when anxiety woke him and use the quiet of the kitchen and the simplicity of the water as a re-entry point into prayer before returning to sleep.	Bebía una taza de agua en medio de la noche cuando la ansiedad lo despertaba y usaba el silencio de la cocina y la simplicidad del agua como un punto de reentrada a la oración antes de volver a dormir.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink tea together after the bible study ended because the formal study needed a more informal landing and the conversations that happened over the tea were where the teaching found its application in the actual lives the group was living.	Bebíamos té juntos después de que terminaba el estudio bíblico porque el estudio formal necesitaba un aterrizaje más informal y las conversaciones que ocurrían sobre el té eran donde la enseñanza encontraba su aplicación en las vidas reales que el grupo estaba viviendo.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink the water from the clay pot that kept it cool in the heat and the simple technology of that pot was a reminder that the wisdom of how to live well in a particular place is always most present in the people who have lived there longest.	Bebían el agua de la olla de barro que la mantenía fresca en el calor y la simple tecnología de esa olla era un recordatorio de que la sabiduría de cómo vivir bien en un lugar particular siempre está más presente en las personas que han vivido allí más tiempo.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink fresh coconut water from the vendor near the church on hot days and the taste of it was so completely associated with that particular time of ministry that even now the taste of coconut water carries me back to those years with a clarity that nothing else provides.	Bebía agua de coco fresca del vendedor cerca de la iglesia en los días calurosos y el sabor de ella estaba tan completamente asociado con esa época particular de ministerio que incluso ahora el sabor del agua de coco me lleva de vuelta a esos años con una claridad que nada más proporciona.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink from the well of worship every Sunday morning and carry what you received there through the week in a way that was more than just a memory of what happened and was closer to a reservoir you had been given to draw from when the week ran dry.	Bebías del pozo de la adoración cada domingo por la mañana y llevabas lo que recibías allí a través de la semana de una manera que era más que solo un recuerdo de lo que había ocurrido y estaba más cerca de un reservorio que te habían dado para sacar cuando la semana se secaba.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink the same brand of coffee as her mentor because she had admired the ritual of watching her mentor prepare it in the morning and the ritual became a way of continuing the mentorship even when the mentor was not present.	Bebía la misma marca de café que su mentora porque había admirado el ritual de ver a su mentora prepararlo en la mañana y el ritual se convirtió en una manera de continuar la mentoría incluso cuando la mentora no estaba presente.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink water from the tap when he woke up each morning and as he drank he would pray for the country whose water infrastructure made that small daily act of provision so ordinary as to be invisible — a miracle dressed in the clothing of routine.	Bebía agua del grifo cuando se despertaba cada mañana y mientras bebía oraba por el país cuya infraestructura de agua hacía que ese pequeño acto diario de provisión fuera tan ordinario como para ser invisible — un milagro vestido con la ropa de la rutina.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink water between songs during the worship rehearsal and the breaks were as important as the music because a team that rests together also plays together with a coherence that comes from having been present to each other in the ordinary moments.	Bebíamos agua entre canciones durante el ensayo de adoración y los descansos eran tan importantes como la música porque un equipo que descansa juntos también toca juntos con una coherencia que viene de haberse estado presentes el uno para el otro en los momentos ordinarios.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink from the same water source as the animals they cared for and find in that shared dependence on the same provision a kind of equality with the creation that formed in them a gentleness toward it that more comfortable lives never produced.	Bebían de la misma fuente de agua que los animales que cuidaban y encontraban en esa dependencia compartida de la misma provisión una especie de igualdad con la creación que formaba en ellos una gentileza hacia ella que las vidas más cómodas nunca producían.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink in silence whenever I needed to think and the discipline of sitting with a cup without reaching for my phone taught me more about the experience of prayer than any book I read during that same period.	Bebía en silencio cuando necesitaba pensar y la disciplina de sentarme con una taza sin alcanzar mi teléfono me enseñó más sobre la experiencia de la oración que cualquier libro que leí durante ese mismo período.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink the communion juice with your eyes open and looking at the people around you because you believed that the table was meant to be received in the presence of the community and not in private devotion separated from the body.	Bebías el jugo de la comunión con los ojos abiertos y mirando a las personas a tu alrededor porque creías que la mesa debía recibirse en la presencia de la comunidad y no en devoción privada separada del cuerpo.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink peppermint tea when she was anxious and pray over the cup before she drank it because she had found that physical comfort and spiritual attention together were more effective than either one practiced separately.	Bebía té de menta cuando estaba ansiosa y oraba sobre la taza antes de beberla porque había encontrado que el consuelo físico y la atención espiritual juntos eran más efectivos que cualquiera de los dos practicados por separado.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink tea with the homeless man who came to the church every Tuesday morning and in those conversations learned more about the kingdom of God than he had learned in the three years of seminary that preceded them.	Bebía té con el hombre sin hogar que venía a la iglesia cada martes por la mañana y en esas conversaciones aprendió más sobre el reino de Dios de lo que había aprendido en los tres años de seminario que les precedieron.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink from the river near the camp every morning during the youth retreat and the children who drank that week learned something about the gift of creation that changed how they thought about the grocery store water they drank at home for the rest of their lives.	Bebíamos del río cerca del campamento cada mañana durante el retiro de jóvenes y los niños que bebieron esa semana aprendieron algo sobre el regalo de la creación que cambió cómo pensaban sobre el agua del supermercado que bebían en casa por el resto de sus vidas.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink the water their mother brought them after school as if it were something precious and looking back the only thing that made it precious was the hands that carried it and the love that had motivated the carrying.	Bebían el agua que su madre les traía después de la escuela como si fuera algo precioso y mirando atrás lo único que la hacía preciosa eran las manos que la llevaban y el amor que había motivado el llevarla.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the water from the church fountain between services and in those quiet moments between the public gatherings found a private refreshment that prepared me for the next encounter with the people I was called to serve that day.	Bebía el agua de la fuente de la iglesia entre servicios y en esos momentos tranquilos entre las reuniones públicas encontraba un refresco privado que me preparaba para el próximo encuentro con las personas a las que estaba llamado a servir ese día.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink orange juice every morning and thank God for the simple gift of a body that could taste and receive and process the gift of fruit and in that practice discovered that gratitude for the small gifts always prepares the heart to receive the larger ones.	Bebías jugo de naranja cada mañana y agradecías a Dios por el simple regalo de un cuerpo que podía saborear y recibir y procesar el regalo de la fruta y en esa práctica descubriste que la gratitud por los pequeños regalos siempre prepara el corazón para recibir los más grandes.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink the same tea her mother had drunk for sixty years and in continuing the practice honored not only the woman who had given her life but the long chain of women before her who had probably held the same cup with the same hands in the same morning light.	Bebía el mismo té que su madre había bebido durante sesenta años y al continuar la práctica honraba no solo a la mujer que le había dado la vida sino a la larga cadena de mujeres antes de ella que probablemente habían sostenido la misma taza con las mismas manos a la misma luz de la mañana.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink deeply from the wisdom of the older pastors in his network and carry what he received from them into his own congregation as living water that had passed through people whose faithfulness had already proven its reliability over decades.	Bebía profundamente de la sabiduría de los pastores mayores en su red y llevaba lo que recibía de ellos a su propia congregación como agua viva que había pasado a través de personas cuya fidelidad ya había probado su confiabilidad durante décadas.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink the same coffee and eat the same simple food as the people we served in the rural community and the equality of that table produced in the community a trust toward us that no demonstration of competence or resource could have earned as quickly.	Bebíamos el mismo café y comíamos la misma comida simple que las personas a las que servíamos en la comunidad rural y la igualdad de esa mesa produjo en la comunidad una confianza hacia nosotros que ninguna demostración de competencia o recurso podría haber ganado tan rápidamente.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink water from the creek that ran along the edge of the property where the retreat center was and the simple act of drinking from a source they could see changed their relationship to water and through it to every other form of provision they usually received invisibly.	Bebían agua del arroyo que corría a lo largo del borde de la propiedad donde estaba el centro de retiro y el simple acto de beber de una fuente que podían ver cambió su relación con el agua y a través de ella con cada otra forma de provisión que usualmente recibían de manera invisible.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the cold water on the hot afternoon after planting in the garden and felt in my body the kind of simple gratitude for provision that the psalms describe as the natural response of anyone who has genuinely experienced need and then received what they needed.	Bebí el agua fría en la tarde calurosa después de plantar en el jardín y sentí en mi cuerpo el tipo de simple gratitud por la provisión que los salmos describen como la respuesta natural de cualquiera que ha experimentado genuinamente la necesidad y luego recibió lo que necesitaba.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the herbal tea your doctor recommended when you were sick and found that following their guidance was its own form of stewardship of the body God had given you and that receiving care gracefully was as important as offering it.	Bebiste el té de hierbas que tu médico recomendó cuando estabas enfermo y descubriste que seguir su guía era su propia forma de mayordomía del cuerpo que Dios te había dado y que recibir el cuidado con gracia era tan importante como ofrecerlo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the water and then read the passage again more slowly and found that the second reading with a calmer body was entirely different from the first and that the body and the soul are less separate than the church had sometimes taught her to believe.	Bebió el agua y luego leyó el pasaje de nuevo más despacio y encontró que la segunda lectura con un cuerpo más tranquilo era completamente diferente de la primera y que el cuerpo y el alma son menos separados de lo que la iglesia a veces le había enseñado a creer.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank from every glass that was offered to him at the feast because he understood that to refuse a gift was to dishonor the giver and that the culture's table hospitality was the primary language through which love was being communicated to him.	Bebió de cada vaso que le fue ofrecido en el banquete porque entendía que rechazar un regalo era deshonrar al dador y que la hospitalidad de la mesa de la cultura era el idioma principal a través del cual el amor le estaba siendo comunicado.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the fresh juice at the breakfast table during the family vacation and my daughter said that it tasted like vacation and she was right because the taste of a thing carries the memory of the moment and that moment was full of the kind of ease that ordinary life rarely allows.	Bebimos el jugo fresco en la mesa del desayuno durante las vacaciones familiares y mi hija dijo que sabía a vacaciones y tenía razón porque el sabor de una cosa lleva el recuerdo del momento y ese momento estaba lleno del tipo de facilidad que la vida ordinaria raramente permite.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the soup and bread that the family brought over when the baby arrived and in that simple act of being fed by others learned something about community that the hardest and most helpless moments teach with a clarity that comfortable seasons never produce.	Bebieron la sopa y el pan que la familia trajo cuando llegó el bebé y en ese simple acto de ser alimentados por otros aprendieron algo sobre la comunidad que los momentos más difíciles y más indefensos enseñan con una claridad que las temporadas cómodas nunca producen.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the hot cider at the harvest festival and felt the season change in my body and was grateful that the world was designed to move in seasons and that there was a time for everything and that my job was not to resist the season but to receive it.	Bebí la sidra caliente en el festival de la cosecha y sentí el cambio de estación en mi cuerpo y agradecí que el mundo fuera diseñado para moverse en estaciones y que hubiera un tiempo para todo y que mi trabajo no fuera resistir la estación sino recibirla.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the water offered by the stranger and the small act of trust required to receive it from an unknown hand was exactly the kind of trust that the journey was designed to form in you.	Bebiste el agua ofrecida por el extraño y el pequeño acto de confianza requerido para recibirla de una mano desconocida era exactamente el tipo de confianza que el viaje fue diseñado para formarte.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the water from the fountain in the city square after the service and as she stood in the square she understood for the first time what it meant to be sent into the world and not away from it.	Bebió el agua de la fuente en la plaza de la ciudad después del servicio y mientras estaba en la plaza entendió por primera vez lo que significaba ser enviada al mundo y no alejada de él.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the first sip slowly and sat with the taste and decided that the discipline of savoring was itself a spiritual practice because any creature that cannot attend to the gift in front of them is not prepared to attend to anything larger.	Bebió el primer sorbo despacio y se sentó con el sabor y decidió que la disciplina de saborear era en sí misma una práctica espiritual porque cualquier criatura que no puede atender al regalo ante ellos no está preparada para atender a nada más grande.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank together before the long journey and remembered every other group of people who had gathered at a table before a journey and sent each other into the world with the same mixture of love and commission that we carried in us.	Bebimos juntos antes del largo viaje y recordamos a cada otro grupo de personas que se habían reunido en una mesa antes de un viaje y se enviaban mutuamente al mundo con la misma mezcla de amor y misión que llevábamos en nosotros.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the welcome drink at the entrance to the conference and the hospitality of the receiving changed the whole atmosphere of the event from a meeting into something closer to a gathering and the difference between those two things turned out to matter a great deal.	Bebieron la bebida de bienvenida en la entrada de la conferencia y la hospitalidad de la recepción cambió toda la atmósfera del evento de una reunión a algo más cercano a una congregación y la diferencia entre esas dos cosas resultó importar mucho.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the water from the canteen and shared what remained with the next person in line because the provision was limited and the need was collective and choosing to conserve for others was the natural expression of the love that the trip was teaching me to practice.	Bebí el agua de la cantimplora y compartí lo que quedaba con la siguiente persona en la fila porque la provisión era limitada y la necesidad era colectiva y elegir conservar para otros era la expresión natural del amor que el viaje me estaba enseñando a practicar.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the cup of water handed to you by someone who disagreed with you on nearly everything and receiving it from them without hesitation was one of the small acts of grace that changed the quality of the entire relationship.	Bebiste el vaso de agua que te entregó alguien con quien estabas en desacuerdo en casi todo y recibirlo de ellos sin vacilar fue uno de los pequeños actos de gracia que cambió la calidad de toda la relación.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the hot tea and breathed and let the warmth of the cup anchor her to the present moment and in the present moment found the kind of rest that the past and the future had been conspiring all day to prevent her from reaching.	Bebió el té caliente y respiró y dejó que el calor de la taza la anclara al momento presente y en el momento presente encontró el tipo de descanso que el pasado y el futuro habían estado conspirando todo el día para evitar que alcanzara.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the communion wine for the first time at his confirmation and said afterward that the taste of it was different from what he expected and that many things about God were different from what he expected and that this was the best news he had yet received.	Bebió el vino de la comunión por primera vez en su confirmación y dijo después que el sabor era diferente de lo que esperaba y que muchas cosas sobre Dios eran diferentes de lo que esperaba y que esta era la mejor noticia que había recibido hasta ahora.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank from the stream and prayed over it and were grateful for water that came directly from the mountain and had not been treated or packaged and carried something in it that felt like the world before the world got complicated.	Bebimos del arroyo y oramos sobre él y agradecimos el agua que venía directamente de la montaña y no había sido tratada ni empaquetada y llevaba en ella algo que sentía como el mundo antes de que el mundo se complicara.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the water the missionary brought from the clean source and in drinking it received not only the water but the years of work that had made the clean source possible and the love that had motivated every step of that work.	Bebieron el agua que el misionero trajo de la fuente limpia y al beberla recibieron no solo el agua sino los años de trabajo que habían hecho posible la fuente limpia y el amor que había motivado cada paso de ese trabajo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the lemonade at the outdoor worship gathering and the heat and the drink and the music and the gathered people all combined into something that exceeded any single element of it and I understood why the psalms describe the gathered community as beautiful.	Bebí la limonada en la reunión de adoración al aire libre y el calor y la bebida y la música y las personas reunidas se combinaron en algo que superó cualquier elemento individual de ella y entendí por qué los salmos describen a la comunidad reunida como hermosa.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the water they gave you in the emergency room and when the person brought it they smiled at you and the combination of the water and the smile was enough to make you feel cared for in a moment that had felt entirely uncared-for until then.	Bebiste el agua que te dieron en la sala de emergencias y cuando la persona lo trajo te sonrió y la combinación del agua y la sonrisa fue suficiente para hacerte sentir cuidado en un momento que se había sentido completamente descuidado hasta entonces.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the warm broth and prayed for the friend who had made it and asked God to bless the hands that had stirred it and the heart that had decided to bring it and the whole chain of love that had connected their lives.	Bebió el caldo caliente y oró por la amiga que lo había hecho y le pidió a Dios que bendijera las manos que lo habían revuelto y el corazón que había decidido traerlo y toda la cadena de amor que había conectado sus vidas.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank from the well that his ancestors had dug and the water tasted exactly as he imagined their water had tasted and the continuity of provision across generations filled him with a gratitude that was not only personal but historical.	Bebió del pozo que sus antepasados habían excavado y el agua sabía exactamente como imaginaba que había sabido el agua de ellos y la continuidad de la provisión a través de las generaciones lo llenó de una gratitud que no era solo personal sino histórica.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the coffee before the early morning prayer meeting and the combination of the coffee and the darkness of the hour and the gathering of people who had chosen to come despite every other option available to them created an atmosphere that the hours of ordinary daylight rarely managed.	Bebimos el café antes de la reunión de oración temprana por la mañana y la combinación del café y la oscuridad de la hora y la reunión de personas que habían elegido venir a pesar de cada otra opción disponible para ellos creó una atmósfera que las horas de la luz del día ordinaria raramente lograban.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the juice the children squeezed themselves at the family gathering and the effort the children had put into it made the juice taste like more than just fruit and everyone who drank it knew they were also tasting the love of small hands doing their best.	Bebieron el jugo que los niños exprimieron ellos mismos en la reunión familiar y el esfuerzo que los niños habían puesto en él hizo que el jugo sabiera más que solo fruta y todos los que lo bebieron sabían que también estaban saboreando el amor de las manos pequeñas haciendo lo mejor que podían.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the water by the road and rested a moment and gave myself the grace of stopping before I needed to because I had finally learned that the body is a gift and that a steward of a gift does not run it into the ground but tends it with the same care they would give to anything entrusted to them.	Bebí el agua al lado del camino y descansé un momento y me di la gracia de detenerme antes de necesitarlo porque finalmente había aprendido que el cuerpo es un regalo y que un mayordomo de un regalo no lo agota sino que lo cuida con el mismo cuidado que daría a cualquier cosa que se le confíe.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank the warm chocolate your friend made you when you arrived and the warmth of it and the welcome it represented combined into something that you described later as the most thorough kindness you had experienced in a year that had not offered much of it.	Bebiste el chocolate caliente que tu amigo te hizo cuando llegaste y el calor de él y la bienvenida que representaba se combinaron en algo que describiste más tarde como la bondad más completa que habías experimentado en un año que no había ofrecido mucha de ella.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	She drank the fresh juice while praying over her family that morning and the juice and the prayer together formed a kind of double nourishment — one for the body and one for the soul — and she ended the morning more prepared than most.	Bebió el jugo fresco mientras oraba por su familia esa mañana y el jugo y la oración juntos formaron un tipo de doble nutrición — una para el cuerpo y otra para el alma — y terminó la mañana más preparada que la mayoría.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	He drank the tonic his grandmother gave him and trusted her because she had been watching people's bodies for seventy years and her knowledge of what helped was older and more specific than anything he had found in a book.	Bebió el tónico que le dio su abuela y confió en ella porque había estado observando los cuerpos de las personas durante setenta años y su conocimiento de lo que ayudaba era más antiguo y más específico que cualquier cosa que había encontrado en un libro.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	We drank the water and thanked God for it out loud at the table and the prayer was short but the gratitude was not and the family around the table found that they had actually attended to the water in a way that made everything that followed taste better.	Bebimos el agua y le agradecimos a Dios en voz alta en la mesa y la oración fue corta pero la gratitud no lo era y la familia alrededor de la mesa encontró que habían prestado atención al agua de una manera que hizo que todo lo que siguió sabiera mejor.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	They drank the fresh water at the spring and felt what every person in the history of the world has felt at a spring — that something about fresh water from the ground speaks directly to something the soul knows and recognizes as provision from a source larger than any human system.	Bebieron el agua fresca en el manantial y sintieron lo que cada persona en la historia del mundo ha sentido en un manantial — que algo sobre el agua fresca del suelo habla directamente a algo que el alma conoce y reconoce como provisión de una fuente más grande que cualquier sistema humano.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	I drank the juice at the school fundraiser and gave thanks for the community of parents who had organized it and the children who had worked for it and the teachers who had trusted that the effort was worth making because the real education was never only the curriculum.	Bebí el jugo en la recaudación de fondos de la escuela y di gracias por la comunidad de padres que la había organizado y los niños que habían trabajado por ella y los maestros que habían confiado en que el esfuerzo valía la pena hacerlo porque la educación real nunca era solo el currículo.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Preterit::Indicative	You drank from the cup your child made for you out of the clay pot they had shaped in art class and the roughness of the cup and the pride of the child and the care it had taken were the actual content of the drink.	Bebiste de la taza que tu hijo hizo para ti de la olla de barro que habían formado en la clase de arte y la aspereza de la taza y el orgullo del niño y el cuidado que había tomado eran el contenido real de la bebida.	Beber Preterit Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the same tea every morning because I had discovered that the body thrives on rhythms and that giving the body reliable rhythms frees the mind to attend to the things that require attention rather than spending its energy negotiating what the body needs next.	Bebía el mismo té cada mañana porque había descubierto que el cuerpo prospera en los ritmos y que dar al cuerpo ritmos confiables libera a la mente para atender las cosas que requieren atención en lugar de gastar su energía negociando lo que el cuerpo necesita a continuación.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink water with your meals even when everyone else was drinking something else because you had decided that what you put in your body was a decision about what kind of instrument you wanted to be and that decision deserved to be made consciously.	Bebías agua con tus comidas incluso cuando todos los demás estaban bebiendo otra cosa porque habías decidido que lo que ponías en tu cuerpo era una decisión sobre qué tipo de instrumento querías ser y que esa decisión merecía tomarse conscientemente.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink the juice from the fruit she grew in her small garden and gave thanks over every cup because she knew the labor that had gone into it and the labor made the fruit taste like the answer to a prayer.	Bebía el jugo de la fruta que cultivaba en su pequeño jardín y daba gracias sobre cada taza porque conocía el trabajo que había ido a él y el trabajo hacía que la fruta sabiera como la respuesta a una oración.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink the coffee while reviewing his sermon notes for the week and the ritual of the two together — the coffee and the preparation — created a space of focused attention that produced the best work of his ministry.	Bebía el café mientras revisaba sus notas del sermón para la semana y el ritual de los dos juntos — el café y la preparación — creaba un espacio de atención concentrada que producía el mejor trabajo de su ministerio.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink lemon water together every morning before the other members of the house woke up and those few minutes of quiet together before the day started were some of the most important minutes in any given week.	Bebíamos agua con limón juntos cada mañana antes de que los otros miembros de la casa se despertaran y esos pocos minutos de silencio juntos antes de que comenzara el día eran algunos de los minutos más importantes en cualquier semana dada.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink from the same communal jug and in drinking together from a shared vessel practiced every day the declaration that they belonged to one another in a way that separated cups would never have communicated.	Bebían del mismo jarro comunal y al beber juntos de un recipiente compartido practicaban cada día la declaración de que se pertenecían los unos a los otros de una manera que las tazas separadas nunca habrían comunicado.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink slowly enough that I was still drinking when everyone else had finished and the extra time at the table that my slowness produced was always the time when the conversation moved from what people were presenting to what they were actually thinking.	Bebía tan despacio que todavía estaba bebiendo cuando todos los demás habían terminado y el tiempo extra en la mesa que mi lentitud producía era siempre el tiempo cuando la conversación pasaba de lo que las personas estaban presentando a lo que realmente estaban pensando.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink the water from the mountain spring every summer when your family visited the cabin and that water was the taste of those summers and the loss of the cabin meant the loss of access to that water and the loss of the water meant the loss of a whole catalog of memory.	Bebías el agua del manantial de la montaña cada verano cuando tu familia visitaba la cabaña y esa agua era el sabor de esos veranos y la pérdida de la cabaña significó la pérdida del acceso a esa agua y la pérdida del agua significó la pérdida de todo un catálogo de recuerdos.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink in community whenever possible because she believed that eating and drinking alone was a loss of one of the primary goods that human existence offers and that the table was one of the main places where people became real to each other.	Bebía en comunidad cuando era posible porque creía que comer y beber sola era una pérdida de uno de los bienes primarios que ofrece la existencia humana y que la mesa era uno de los principales lugares donde las personas se volvían reales las unas para las otras.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink his afternoon tea outside when the weather allowed and the habit of taking his rest in the presence of the creation God had made gave his rest a quality that indoor rest never quite matched.	Bebía su té de la tarde afuera cuando el clima lo permitía y el hábito de tomar su descanso en presencia de la creación que Dios había hecho daba a su descanso una calidad que el descanso interior nunca igualaba del todo.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink the juice from the oranges our neighbor brought us every winter because she had an orange tree and more than she needed and the sharing of the excess was so natural to her that it seemed not like generosity but like breathing.	Bebíamos el jugo de las naranjas que nuestro vecino nos traía cada invierno porque tenía un naranjo y más de lo que necesitaba y compartir el exceso era tan natural para ella que parecía no ser generosidad sino respirar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink carefully in the dry season and the discipline of measuring what they used gave them an awareness of water as a gift that the rainy season always worked to erase.	Bebían con cuidado en la temporada seca y la disciplina de medir lo que usaban les daba una conciencia del agua como regalo que la temporada lluviosa siempre trabajaba para borrar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink a full glass of water before each meal as a practice of slowing down before eating and the moment of pause that the water required changed the whole relationship between me and food from a transaction into something closer to a daily act of gratitude.	Bebía un vaso lleno de agua antes de cada comida como práctica de desacelerar antes de comer y el momento de pausa que el agua requería cambió toda la relación entre yo y la comida de una transacción a algo más cercano a un acto diario de gratitud.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink the smoothie your friend made when you visited and the smoothie was always different because your friend was always experimenting and the consistent delight of someone who is always trying something new is one of the most infectious qualities a person can offer the people around them.	Bebías el batido que tu amigo hacía cuando visitabas y el batido era siempre diferente porque tu amigo siempre estaba experimentando y el deleite consistente de alguien que siempre está probando algo nuevo es una de las cualidades más infecciosas que una persona puede ofrecer a las personas que la rodean.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink water from the filter at the mission house every morning and give thanks for it and her gratitude for the filter made her think of everyone who would give anything for the access to clean water that she had begun to take for granted.	Bebía agua del filtro en la casa misionera cada mañana y daba gracias por ello y su gratitud por el filtro le hacía pensar en todos los que darían cualquier cosa por el acceso al agua limpia que ella había comenzado a dar por sentado.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink from the well his grandfather had dug and in drinking from it continued a conversation with his grandfather that had never quite ended even though his grandfather had been dead for twenty years.	Bebía del pozo que su abuelo había excavado y al beber de él continuaba una conversación con su abuelo que nunca había terminado del todo aunque su abuelo había muerto veinte años atrás.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink the broth together at the start of the long days of harvest and the warmth of it at dawn with the day's work still ahead was one of those small goods that a season of hard work provides and that the rest of the year cannot replicate.	Bebíamos el caldo juntos al comienzo de los largos días de cosecha y el calor de él al amanecer con el trabajo del día todavía por delante era uno de esos pequeños bienes que una temporada de trabajo duro proporciona y que el resto del año no puede replicar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink the coconut water on the beach after the outdoor worship service the church held every summer and the combination of the worship and the water and the sea was so good that the service drew more people than the indoor service despite requiring more effort from everyone.	Bebían el agua de coco en la playa después del servicio de adoración al aire libre que la iglesia celebraba cada verano y la combinación de la adoración y el agua y el mar era tan buena que el servicio atraía más personas que el servicio interior a pesar de requerir más esfuerzo de todos.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the apple cider at the fall Bible study that my small group hosted because someone always brought it and the ritual of cider with the study had become so embedded in the group's identity that having it without the cider would have felt like a different gathering entirely.	Bebía la sidra de manzana en el estudio bíblico de otoño que organizaba mi grupo pequeño porque alguien siempre la traía y el ritual de la sidra con el estudio se había vuelto tan incorporado en la identidad del grupo que tenerla sin la sidra se habría sentido como una reunión completamente diferente.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink the warm drink your host served first when you arrived at any home in that culture and the warmth of the welcome was not only metaphorical — it was literal and physical and experienced directly in the body before any word had been exchanged.	Bebías la bebida caliente que tu anfitrión servía primero cuando llegabas a cualquier hogar en esa cultura y el calor de la bienvenida no era solo metafórico — era literal y físico y experimentado directamente en el cuerpo antes de que se hubiera intercambiado ninguna palabra.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink the warm milk her mother heated for her when she was sick and forty years later the smell of warm milk heating on the stove was enough to make her feel cared for in a way that nothing else in the world could duplicate.	Bebía la leche caliente que su madre calentaba para ella cuando estaba enferma y cuarenta años después el olor de la leche caliente calentándose en la estufa era suficiente para hacerla sentir cuidada de una manera que nada más en el mundo podía duplicar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink from the community well with everyone else in the village and the common act of drawing from the same source leveled every other difference the community might have otherwise used to separate itself.	Bebía del pozo comunitario con todos los demás en el pueblo y el acto común de sacar de la misma fuente nivelaba cada otra diferencia que la comunidad podría haber usado para separarse.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink the spiced tea at the holiday gathering and the smell of it when the pot was opened was the signal that the season had officially begun and that the next several weeks would be devoted to exactly the kind of celebration that human beings were designed to require.	Bebíamos el té especiado en la reunión de vacaciones y el olor de él cuando se abría la olla era la señal de que la temporada había comenzado oficialmente y que las próximas semanas se dedicarían exactamente al tipo de celebración que los seres humanos fueron diseñados para necesitar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink from the same thermos at the outdoor concert and share music recommendations in the breaks between songs and in sharing both the drink and the music were practicing a form of intimacy that does not require words but produces knowledge of another person that words alone could never convey.	Bebían del mismo termo en el concierto al aire libre y compartían recomendaciones de música en los descansos entre canciones y al compartir tanto la bebida como la música estaban practicando una forma de intimidad que no requiere palabras pero produce conocimiento de otra persona que las palabras solas nunca podrían transmitir.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the coffee at the soup kitchen where I volunteered and drinking the same coffee as the people we were serving rather than standing behind the counter with a cup of something better was a small act that I hoped communicated what I believed about the equal dignity of every person at that table.	Bebía el café en el comedor social donde hacía voluntariado y beber el mismo café que las personas a las que servíamos en lugar de estar detrás del mostrador con una taza de algo mejor era un pequeño acto que esperaba que comunicara lo que creía sobre la igual dignidad de cada persona en esa mesa.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink from the cup of the new covenant until the day when Christ drinks it with me at the feast of the kingdom and every communion I receive between now and then is a rehearsal for the celebration that the whole story is building toward.	Beberé de la copa del nuevo pacto hasta el día en que Cristo la beba conmigo en el banquete del reino y cada comunión que recibo entre ahora y entonces es un ensayo para la celebración hacia la que toda la historia se está construyendo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the water of eternal life that Christ promised to the woman at the well and what you receive at that spring will satisfy every thirst that the springs of this world have never been able to finally quench.	Beberás el agua de la vida eterna que Cristo prometió a la mujer junto al pozo y lo que recibas en ese manantial satisfará cada sed que los manantiales de este mundo nunca han podido finalmente saciar.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the water that the new Jerusalem provides freely to those who thirst and the abundance of that provision will be so complete that the memory of every drought she experienced in this life will be transformed into testimony about God's faithfulness.	Beberá el agua que la nueva Jerusalén provee libremente a los que tienen sed y la abundancia de esa provisión será tan completa que el recuerdo de cada sequía que experimentó en esta vida se transformará en testimonio de la fidelidad de Dios.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the cup that his father prepared for him at the wedding celebration and the joy of drinking the father's best wine at the celebration of his son's covenant will be unlike anything the world has offered in any of the centuries that preceded it.	Beberá la copa que su padre preparó para él en la celebración de la boda y el gozo de beber el mejor vino del padre en la celebración del pacto de su hijo será diferente a todo lo que el mundo ha ofrecido en ninguno de los siglos que lo precedieron.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink together at the banquet table when the kingdom comes in its fullness and the people who could never find common ground on earth will find at that table the peace that only God's presence makes possible.	Beberemos juntos en la mesa del banquete cuando el reino venga en su plenitud y las personas que nunca pudieron encontrar terreno común en la tierra encontrarán en esa mesa la paz que solo la presencia de Dios hace posible.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink from the river of life that flows from the throne of God and the water of that river will carry in it everything the soul has ever needed and never fully received in the current life.	Beberán del río de la vida que fluye del trono de Dios y el agua de ese río llevará en ella todo lo que el alma ha necesitado alguna vez y nunca ha recibido completamente en la vida actual.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink plenty of water before my long trip because I have learned that the body functions better when it is well hydrated and that the stewardship of the physical form God has given me requires that I attend to it rather than ignore it until it breaks.	Beberé mucha agua antes de mi largo viaje porque he aprendido que el cuerpo funciona mejor cuando está bien hidratado y que la mayordomía de la forma física que Dios me ha dado requiere que la atienda en lugar de ignorarla hasta que se rompa.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the welcome drink they prepare for you when you arrive at the home of your hosts overseas and receiving it with gratitude and genuine attention will open the door to the kind of relationship that you cannot build through any amount of professional preparation.	Beberás la bebida de bienvenida que preparan para ti cuando llegues al hogar de tus anfitriones en el extranjero y recibirla con gratitud y atención genuina abrirá la puerta al tipo de relación que no puedes construir a través de ninguna cantidad de preparación profesional.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the tea her daughter prepares for her on the birthday morning as she has done every year for the last decade because the birthday tea has become the signal between them that the relationship is strong and that the love continues to be expressed in small acts.	Beberá el té que su hija le prepara en la mañana del cumpleaños como lo ha hecho cada año durante la última década porque el té de cumpleaños se ha convertido en la señal entre ellas de que la relación es fuerte y que el amor continúa expresándose en pequeños actos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the juice the nutritionist recommends because he has decided that caring for his health is not vanity but faithfulness and that the body he was given is not his to exhaust but his to steward through every season of the life he has been given.	Beberá el jugo que el nutricionista recomienda porque ha decidido que cuidar su salud no es vanidad sino fidelidad y que el cuerpo que se le dio no es suyo para agotarlo sino suyo para cuidarlo a través de cada temporada de la vida que se le ha dado.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink together at the feast that follows the mission trip debrief and the stories that come out over dinner will be the truest account of what happened in the field because stories told over food and drink carry something that formal reports never manage to capture.	Beberemos juntos en el banquete que sigue al informe del viaje misionero y las historias que surjan durante la cena serán el relato más verdadero de lo que ocurrió en el campo porque las historias contadas sobre comida y bebida llevan algo que los informes formales nunca logran capturar.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the water that the new well provides and the community that will grow around that well over the next generation will be shaped by the provision in ways that none of us who worked to dig it will ever fully understand.	Beberán el agua que el nuevo pozo provee y la comunidad que crecerá alrededor de ese pozo durante la próxima generación será moldeada por la provisión de maneras que ninguno de nosotros que trabajamos para excavarlo entenderemos jamás completamente.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the herbal tea every evening as part of my Sabbath preparation because I have found that a body that is prepared well for rest sleeps differently than a body that is run until it collapses and that the difference matters for the prayer life that follows the sleep.	Beberé el té de hierbas cada noche como parte de mi preparación del sábado porque he encontrado que un cuerpo que está bien preparado para el descanso duerme diferente que un cuerpo que se corre hasta que colapsa y que la diferencia importa para la vida de oración que sigue al sueño.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the communion cup at the service your children will attend with you for the first time and the moment when you receive the cup beside them will be one you will remember with gratitude for every year that follows it.	Beberás la copa de la comunión en el servicio al que tus hijos asistirán contigo por primera vez y el momento en que recibas la copa a su lado será uno que recordarás con gratitud por todos los años que lo siguen.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the fresh water that the filter provides and will teach her children to drink it gratefully because teaching children to receive the gifts of creation with gratitude is among the most important things a parent can do to form their souls.	Beberá el agua fresca que el filtro proporciona y enseñará a sus hijos a beberla con gratitud porque enseñar a los niños a recibir los regalos de la creación con gratitud es una de las cosas más importantes que un padre puede hacer para formar sus almas.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink from the well of prayer every morning for the rest of his life because he has experienced firsthand the difference between a day that begins there and a day that begins anywhere else and the difference is too significant to ignore.	Beberá del pozo de la oración cada mañana por el resto de su vida porque ha experimentado de primera mano la diferencia entre un día que comienza allí y un día que comienza en cualquier otro lugar y la diferencia es demasiado significativa para ignorar.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the water from the mountain on the retreat and the days spent at altitude with clear water and open sky will reset something in the team that city life had gradually compressed into a smaller and less functional version of itself.	Beberemos el agua de la montaña en el retiro y los días pasados en altitud con agua clara y cielo abierto restablecerán algo en el equipo que la vida de la ciudad había comprimido gradualmente en una versión más pequeña y menos funcional de sí misma.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink from the same water that sustained the faithful people who lived in this place before them and the continuity of provision across generations is itself one of the most eloquent arguments for the faithfulness of a God who was here before any of them arrived and will be here after all of them are gone.	Beberán del mismo agua que sostuvo a las personas fieles que vivieron en este lugar antes que ellas y la continuidad de la provisión a través de las generaciones es en sí misma uno de los argumentos más elocuentes para la fidelidad de un Dios que estaba aquí antes de que ninguna de ellas llegara y estará aquí después de que todas se hayan ido.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink slowly and thankfully and will try to turn every cup into an occasion for gratitude rather than just a habit of hydration because the discipline of attending to what you receive changes the quality of the receiving.	Beberé despacio y agradecidamente y trataré de convertir cada taza en una ocasión de gratitud en lugar de solo un hábito de hidratación porque la disciplina de atender lo que recibes cambia la calidad del recibir.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the welcome coffee when you arrive in the new city and the person who pours it for you will be the first door into the community you are called to serve there and how you receive that cup will determine more than you know.	Beberás el café de bienvenida cuando llegues a la nueva ciudad y la persona que lo sirve para ti será la primera puerta a la comunidad a la que eres llamado a servir allí y cómo recibas esa taza determinará más de lo que sabes.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink from the cup of service freely given without expectation of return and in giving without requiring she will discover the paradox of the kingdom which is that the ones who give most freely always seem to receive most abundantly.	Beberá de la copa del servicio libremente dado sin expectativa de retorno y al dar sin requerir descubrirá la paradoja del reino que es que los que dan más libremente siempre parecen recibir más abundantemente.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the broth his wife made when he comes home from the hospital and the care concentrated in that broth will communicate more than anything either of them could say about the love that has sustained their marriage through the kind of difficulty that tests everything.	Beberá el caldo que su esposa hizo cuando llegue a casa del hospital y el cuidado concentrado en ese caldo comunicará más que cualquier cosa que cualquiera de ellos podría decir sobre el amor que ha sostenido su matrimonio a través del tipo de dificultad que pone a prueba todo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the communion cup together for the last time before one of us moves away and what would have been an ordinary Sunday will be transfigured by the knowledge that this particular community around this particular table will never exist in exactly this form again.	Beberemos la copa de la comunión juntos por última vez antes de que uno de nosotros se mude y lo que habría sido un domingo ordinario será transfigurado por el conocimiento de que esta comunidad particular alrededor de esta mesa particular nunca existirá en exactamente esta forma de nuevo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the water of life freely as the Spirit and the Bride say come and every thirsty soul who comes will receive what it needs without cost because the provision of the kingdom is not governed by the economy of scarcity but by the abundance of God.	Beberán el agua de la vida libremente como el Espíritu y la Esposa dicen ven y cada alma sedienta que venga recibirá lo que necesita sin costo porque la provisión del reino no está gobernada por la economía de la escasez sino por la abundancia de Dios.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the juice you prepare for me and be grateful not only for the juice but for the fact that you thought to prepare it and that behind the thought was a love that expressed itself in the small acts of attention that are the daily language of care.	Beberé el jugo que prepares para mí y seré agradecido no solo por el jugo sino por el hecho de que pensaste en prepararlo y que detrás del pensamiento había un amor que se expresó en los pequeños actos de atención que son el lenguaje diario del cuidado.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the water from the spring that your grandchildren will also drink from and the continuity of provision across generations is one of the most tactile forms of the faithfulness that the scriptures promise but that modern people find difficult to perceive.	Beberás el agua del manantial del que también beberán tus nietos y la continuidad de la provisión a través de las generaciones es una de las formas más táctiles de la fidelidad que las Escrituras prometen pero que las personas modernas encuentran difícil de percibir.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the fresh coconut water at the beach after the travel and the gift of a cold drink after a long journey will reconnect her body to the world in a way that signals arrival more effectively than any official ceremony.	Beberá el agua de coco fresca en la playa después del viaje y el regalo de una bebida fría después de un largo viaje reconectará su cuerpo al mundo de una manera que señala la llegada de manera más efectiva que cualquier ceremonia oficial.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink from the stream at the camp and the boys who drink with him will never forget the specific goodness of that water drawn from that place at that age in the company of that man who loved them enough to bring them there.	Beberá del arroyo en el campamento y los niños que beban con él nunca olvidarán la bondad específica de esa agua sacada de ese lugar a esa edad en compañía de ese hombre que los amaba suficiente para llevarlos allí.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink together after the long day of serving and in that final drink of the evening the exhaustion and the joy will be indistinguishable from each other because they are the same thing when the work is the right work.	Beberemos juntos después del largo día de servir y en esa última bebida de la noche el agotamiento y el gozo serán indistinguibles el uno del otro porque son la misma cosa cuando el trabajo es el trabajo correcto.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the communion together every first Sunday for the rest of their married lives and what they rehearse at that table every month will be the covenant that sustains them through every difficulty that the decades will bring between them.	Beberán la comunión juntos cada primer domingo por el resto de sus vidas casadas y lo que ensayan en esa mesa cada mes será el pacto que los sustiene a través de cada dificultad que las décadas traerán entre ellos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink from the well of Scripture every day and give thanks for the people who preserved it through centuries of difficulty so that it could be available to me now in the language of my own house on the screen of the device in my hand.	Beberé del pozo de las Escrituras cada día y daré gracias por las personas que las preservaron a través de siglos de dificultad para que pudiera estar disponible para mí ahora en el idioma de mi propia casa en la pantalla del dispositivo en mi mano.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the tea your new neighbor prepares when you visit and the tea will be the first shared thing and from the first shared thing the friendship will begin to grow the way that friendships have always grown — slowly and through the accumulation of small shared moments over time.	Beberás el té que tu nuevo vecino prepara cuando visites y el té será la primera cosa compartida y de la primera cosa compartida la amistad comenzará a crecer de la manera en que las amistades siempre han crecido — despacio y a través de la acumulación de pequeños momentos compartidos con el tiempo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the water blessed over during the prayer service and while the water itself is not changed by the prayer the act of drinking it prayerfully will change her in ways that water drunk carelessly never could.	Beberá el agua bendecida durante el servicio de oración y aunque el agua en sí no se cambia por la oración el acto de beberla orando la cambiará de maneras que el agua bebida descuidadamente nunca podría.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the fruit punch at the welcome party the congregation throws for new families and the party will be one of the first places where those families discover what kind of community they have joined and what the character of that community actually is.	Beberá el ponche de frutas en la fiesta de bienvenida que la congregación da para las nuevas familias y la fiesta será uno de los primeros lugares donde esas familias descubran qué tipo de comunidad han unido y cuál es realmente el carácter de esa comunidad.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the wine at the wedding and give thanks for the covenant being made and for the God who designed marriage and for the couple who has chosen to make this covenant in his presence with these particular people as their witnesses.	Beberemos el vino en la boda y daremos gracias por el pacto que se está haciendo y por el Dios que diseñó el matrimonio y por la pareja que ha elegido hacer este pacto en su presencia con estas personas particulares como sus testigos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the cold water you carry to them in the heat of the work and the fact that someone thought of them in the middle of their effort will be remembered long after the temperature of the water has been forgotten.	Beberán el agua fría que les lleves en el calor del trabajo y el hecho de que alguien pensó en ellos en medio de su esfuerzo se recordará mucho después de que la temperatura del agua se haya olvidado.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the coffee slowly on the morning of the retreat and give myself the luxury of beginning the day without urgency and in that unhurried beginning discover what the contemplative tradition has always known — that the quality of a day is determined more by how it begins than by anything that happens in its middle.	Beberé el café despacio en la mañana del retiro y me daré el lujo de comenzar el día sin urgencia y en ese comienzo sin prisa descubriré lo que la tradición contemplativa siempre ha sabido — que la calidad de un día está determinada más por cómo comienza que por cualquier cosa que ocurra en su mitad.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the water from the spring in the mountains and carry the memory of it with you into the city where the water tastes of treatment and the memory of the spring water will be the measure against which you understand what has been lost in the exchange.	Beberás el agua del manantial en las montañas y llevarás el recuerdo de ella contigo a la ciudad donde el agua sabe a tratamiento y el recuerdo del agua del manantial será la medida contra la cual entenderás lo que se ha perdido en el intercambio.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the herbal tea that her grandmother's recipe specifies and in continuing the recipe continue a relationship with her grandmother that the grave cannot terminate because love expressed through the rituals of care outlasts the lives of the people who first established them.	Beberá el té de hierbas que especifica la receta de su abuela y al continuar la receta continuará una relación con su abuela que la tumba no puede terminar porque el amor expresado a través de los rituales del cuidado sobrevive a las vidas de las personas que los establecieron por primera vez.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the communion cup with his son for the first time next month and the anticipation of that shared moment has already begun to change how he receives the cup alone each Sunday because the knowledge of what it will mean to receive it together has illuminated what it was always already meaning.	Beberá la copa de la comunión con su hijo por primera vez el próximo mes y la anticipación de ese momento compartido ya ha comenzado a cambiar cómo recibe la copa solo cada domingo porque el conocimiento de lo que significará recibirla juntos ha iluminado lo que siempre ya significaba.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the juice at the celebration after the baptism and the party that follows the baptism is not an afterthought but an integral part of the theology — the right response to new life is feasting and the feast is a participation in the kingdom's own feast.	Beberemos el jugo en la celebración después del bautismo y la fiesta que sigue al bautismo no es una ocurrencia tardía sino una parte integral de la teología — la respuesta correcta a la nueva vida es el festín y el festín es una participación en el propio festín del reino.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the water the volunteers carry to them and in receiving it will receive also the love that motivated the carrying and the faith that organized the volunteers and the community that made the whole thing possible.	Beberán el agua que los voluntarios les llevan y al recibirla recibirán también el amor que motivó el llevar y la fe que organizó a los voluntarios y la comunidad que hizo todo posible.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink deeply from the community of believers God has given me here and resist the temptation to seek my primary nourishment from distant sources that require screens to access when the people who can sit across from me at a table are the ones God has actually placed in my life.	Beberé profundamente de la comunidad de creyentes que Dios me ha dado aquí y resistiré la tentación de buscar mi nutrición principal de fuentes distantes que requieren pantallas para acceder cuando las personas que pueden sentarse frente a mí en una mesa son las que Dios ha colocado realmente en mi vida.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the broth that will be waiting for you when you get home after the hard night and the fact that someone stayed up to prepare it is itself the answer to the fear that no one was paying attention to your difficulty.	Beberás el caldo que estará esperándote cuando llegues a casa después de la noche difícil y el hecho de que alguien se quedó despierto para prepararlo es en sí mismo la respuesta al miedo de que nadie estaba prestando atención a tu dificultad.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the fresh water from the well that the church funded through the mission giving last year and she will never know who gave the money or why and they will never know her name but the connection between the gift and the person who receives it is real even when it is invisible.	Beberá el agua fresca del pozo que la iglesia financió a través de la ofrenda misionera el año pasado y nunca sabrá quién dio el dinero ni por qué y ellos nunca sabrán su nombre pero la conexión entre el regalo y la persona que lo recibe es real incluso cuando es invisible.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the celebration drink at the end of the school year and think of everyone who helped him survive the year and in thinking of them will practice the gratitude that makes a person capable of receiving the next good thing without assuming it is simply their due.	Beberá la bebida de celebración al final del año escolar y pensará en todos los que le ayudaron a sobrevivir el año y al pensar en ellos practicará la gratitud que hace a una persona capaz de recibir la próxima cosa buena sin asumir que simplemente es lo que le corresponde.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink from the cup of suffering that the world holds out to those who follow Christ in certain times and places and when we do we will hold it knowing that the One who drank the cup before us is the same One who promises to be with us as we drink it.	Beberemos de la copa del sufrimiento que el mundo ofrece a los que siguen a Cristo en ciertos tiempos y lugares y cuando lo hagamos la sostendremos sabiendo que el que bebió la copa antes que nosotros es el mismo que promete estar con nosotros mientras la bebemos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the water of the new creation and all that was dry in them from the years of the desert will be irrigated and what will grow in the irrigated land will be more than anyone who knew them in their dry season could have imagined possible.	Beberán el agua de la nueva creación y todo lo que estaba seco en ellos de los años del desierto será irrigado y lo que crecerá en la tierra irrigada será más de lo que cualquiera que los conoció en su temporada seca podría haber imaginado posible.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink from the old clay cup her mother had carried from her home country and in drinking from it maintained a material connection to a place she had never visited but that shaped everything about the person who raised her.	Bebía de la vieja taza de barro que su madre había traído de su país de origen y al beber de ella mantenía una conexión material con un lugar que nunca había visitado pero que moldeó todo sobre la persona que la crió.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink from the community cup during the prayer meeting rather than from the individual cups because the shared cup was a physical enactment of the shared life he believed the body of Christ was called to practice.	Bebía de la copa comunitaria durante la reunión de oración en lugar de las tazas individuales porque la copa compartida era una representación física de la vida compartida que creía que el cuerpo de Cristo estaba llamado a practicar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink the water from the filter the church donated to the school and every child who drank from that filter was receiving the love of a community they had never met expressed through the provision of the most basic thing a body requires.	Bebíamos el agua del filtro que la iglesia donó a la escuela y cada niño que bebía de ese filtro estaba recibiendo el amor de una comunidad que nunca había conocido expresado a través de la provisión de lo más básico que un cuerpo requiere.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink the warm drink prepared by the host family before beginning the day's work and the ritual of that shared morning drink had become the signal to everyone present that the day's work was also worship.	Bebían la bebida caliente preparada por la familia anfitriona antes de comenzar el trabajo del día y el ritual de esa bebida compartida de la mañana se había convertido en la señal para todos los presentes de que el trabajo del día también era adoración.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink from the spring that ran behind my childhood church and the water from that spring was the first water I remember and it has shaped every comparison I have made since then about what water should taste like.	Bebía del manantial que corría detrás de mi iglesia de la infancia y el agua de ese manantial fue la primera agua que recuerdo y ha dado forma a cada comparación que he hecho desde entonces sobre cómo debería saber el agua.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink the spiced apple cider with your family on cold evenings and the smell of it heating on the stove was the announcement that the rest of the world was being set aside for the evening and that the evening belonged to the people in that room.	Bebías la sidra de manzana especiada con tu familia en las noches frías y el olor de ella calentándose en la estufa era el anuncio de que el resto del mundo estaba siendo apartado por la noche y que la noche pertenecía a las personas en ese cuarto.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink from the bottle she kept on her desk during the long hours of study and the regular pauses to drink had become the natural punctuation of her learning — small interruptions of rest that made the work sustainable.	Bebía de la botella que mantenía en su escritorio durante las largas horas de estudio y las pausas regulares para beber se habían convertido en la puntuación natural de su aprendizaje — pequeñas interrupciones de descanso que hacían el trabajo sostenible.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink warm water with lemon in the morning before his workout because he had learned that the body performs better when it wakes to warmth rather than cold and that taking the small daily steps that optimize the instrument God gave you is a form of taking the gift seriously.	Bebía agua caliente con limón en la mañana antes de su entrenamiento porque había aprendido que el cuerpo funciona mejor cuando se despierta con calor en lugar de frío y que tomar los pequeños pasos diarios que optimizan el instrumento que Dios te dio es una forma de tomar el regalo en serio.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to drink the fresh juice from the market on Saturday mornings when we bought the week's produce and the combination of the market and the juice and the whole morning of choosing good food together was one of the best investments of time we made in our marriage.	Bebíamos el jugo fresco del mercado los sábados por la mañana cuando comprábamos la producción de la semana y la combinación del mercado y el jugo y toda la mañana de elegir buena comida juntos fue una de las mejores inversiones de tiempo que hicimos en nuestro matrimonio.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to drink from the shared well at the center of the village and the daily gathering at the well was the social institution around which the community organized its information and its relationship — which is why the story of Jesus at the well is set there and not somewhere else.	Bebían del pozo compartido en el centro del pueblo y la reunión diaria en el pozo era la institución social alrededor de la cual la comunidad organizaba su información y su relación — que es por qué la historia de Jesús junto al pozo está ambientada allí y no en otro lugar.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to drink the last of whatever was in my glass before getting up from the table because I had decided that finishing what you are given before asking for more is a discipline of contentment that extends beyond the table into every other area of life.	Bebía el último de lo que había en mi vaso antes de levantarme de la mesa porque había decidido que terminar lo que se te da antes de pedir más es una disciplina de contentamiento que se extiende más allá de la mesa a cada otra área de la vida.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	You used to drink the ginger tea that helped you through the difficult months and the tea was not magic but the care that had prompted someone to prepare it and bring it and sit with you while you drank it was something very close.	Bebías el té de jengibre que te ayudaba a través de los meses difíciles y el té no era magia pero el cuidado que había impulsado a alguien a prepararlo y traerlo y sentarse contigo mientras lo bebías era algo muy cercano a eso.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to drink the communion cup with her eyes closed and her hands open in the posture of receiving and the practice of receiving with open hands changed how she received everything else — gifts and challenges and people alike.	Bebía la copa de la comunión con los ojos cerrados y las manos abiertas en la postura de recibir y la práctica de recibir con las manos abiertas cambió cómo recibía todo lo demás — regalos y desafíos y personas por igual.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to drink the same brand of coffee his father had drunk before him and the continuity of taste across generations was a small but real connection to the man who had shaped him and whose presence he continued to carry in the decisions he made about how to live.	Bebía la misma marca de café que su padre había bebido antes que él y la continuidad del sabor a través de las generaciones era una conexión pequeña pero real con el hombre que lo había moldeado y cuya presencia continuaba llevando en las decisiones que tomaba sobre cómo vivir.	Beber Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink from the river of life that flows through the city of God and what I receive there will be the final and complete answer to everything this life has offered in partial and temporary form.	Beberé del río de la vida que fluye a través de la ciudad de Dios y lo que reciba allí será la respuesta final y completa a todo lo que esta vida ha ofrecido en forma parcial y temporal.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the water that the host provides when you arrive after the long flight and the simple kindness of the water and the welcome will make the journey feel complete in a way that arriving at a destination that receives no one never could.	Beberás el agua que el anfitrión provee cuando llegues después del largo vuelo y la simple amabilidad del agua y la bienvenida hará que el viaje se sienta completo de una manera que llegar a un destino que no recibe a nadie nunca podría.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the warm soup her congregation delivers to her after the surgery and in receiving it will understand more clearly than ever before that the body of Christ is not a metaphor but an actual distribution system through which love moves from person to person.	Beberá la sopa caliente que su congregación le entrega después de la cirugía y al recibirla entenderá más claramente que nunca antes que el cuerpo de Cristo no es una metáfora sino un sistema de distribución real a través del cual el amor se mueve de persona a persona.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the water from the well the mission organization dug with the community's participation and what was built together will be cared for together and the shared ownership of the provision is the feature that will make it last.	Beberá el agua del pozo que la organización misionera excavó con la participación de la comunidad y lo que fue construido juntos será cuidado juntos y la propiedad compartida de la provisión es la característica que hará que dure.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the cold water after the worship rehearsal and the break in the middle of the preparation is not a distraction from the worship but a participation in it — the body prepared to offer its best needs to be cared for.	Beberemos el agua fría después del ensayo de adoración y el descanso en medio de la preparación no es una distracción de la adoración sino una participación en ella — el cuerpo preparado para ofrecer lo mejor necesita ser cuidado.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the welcome tea and tell us about the family members we have not met and through the stories over the tea we will discover that we are not strangers who have arrived to help but neighbors who have arrived home.	Beberán el té de bienvenida y nos contarán sobre los miembros de la familia que no hemos conocido y a través de las historias sobre el té descubriremos que no somos extraños que han llegado para ayudar sino vecinos que han llegado a casa.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the juice pressed from the fruit you grew and in drinking it receive not only the fruit but the months of rain and sun and attention and care that the fruit required to become what it is and offer what it offers.	Beberé el jugo exprimido de la fruta que cultivaste y al beberlo recibiré no solo la fruta sino los meses de lluvia y sol y atención y cuidado que la fruta requirió para convertirse en lo que es y ofrecer lo que ofrece.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the spiced tea at the Christmas gathering and the smell of it will carry you back to every other year that smell has been present at every other gathering and the continuity of the ritual is itself a form of the faithfulness it celebrates.	Beberás el té especiado en la reunión de Navidad y el olor de él te llevará de vuelta a cada otro año que ese olor ha estado presente en cada otra reunión y la continuidad del ritual es en sí misma una forma de la fidelidad que celebra.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink from the same well as the people she serves because she understands that ministry from above is always less effective than ministry from alongside and that the best way to serve people is to share the conditions of their life rather than to improve your conditions and then improve theirs.	Beberá del mismo pozo que las personas a las que sirve porque entiende que el ministerio desde arriba es siempre menos efectivo que el ministerio desde al lado y que la mejor manera de servir a las personas es compartir las condiciones de su vida en lugar de mejorar sus condiciones y luego mejorar las de ellas.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the hot cocoa at the youth group Christmas party and the children around him will not remember the theology discussed that night but they will remember that this person was present with them and that the cocoa was warm and the room was full of people who seemed genuinely glad to be there.	Beberá el chocolate caliente en la fiesta de Navidad del grupo de jóvenes y los niños a su alrededor no recordarán la teología discutida esa noche pero recordarán que esta persona estuvo presente con ellos y que el chocolate estaba caliente y el cuarto estaba lleno de personas que parecían genuinamente contentas de estar allí.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink from the spring of living water and bring back full vessels for the people around us because the fullness of what we receive at the spring is not hoarded but carries within it the abundance that wants to flow through us to others.	Beberemos del manantial de agua viva y traeremos recipientes llenos para las personas a nuestro alrededor porque la plenitud de lo que recibimos en el manantial no se acumula sino que lleva en ella la abundancia que quiere fluir a través de nosotros hacia otros.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the tea we serve them at the hospitality table and the warmth of the welcome will be the first thing they experience of this community and first things matter because the soul of a thing is often most visible at its beginning.	Beberán el té que les servimos en la mesa de hospitalidad y el calor de la bienvenida será lo primero que experimenten de esta comunidad y las primeras cosas importan porque el alma de una cosa es a menudo más visible en su comienzo.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the water slowly on the fast day as I allow the hunger to become a form of prayer and the thirst to become a kind of longing that directs me toward the God who is the source of every satisfaction I have ever experienced.	Beberé el agua despacio en el día de ayuno mientras permito que el hambre se convierta en una forma de oración y la sed en un tipo de anhelo que me dirige hacia el Dios que es la fuente de cada satisfacción que he experimentado alguna vez.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the coffee your coworker offers you when they notice you are struggling and the offer and the coffee together will communicate that someone is watching and that being watched by someone who cares is one of the primary goods of community life.	Beberás el café que tu compañero de trabajo te ofrece cuando nota que estás teniendo dificultades y la oferta y el café juntos comunicarán que alguien está mirando y que ser observado por alguien que se preocupa es uno de los bienes primarios de la vida comunitaria.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the cold water after the long worship set and the rest she takes between the music and the message will prepare her body and soul both for receiving what comes next and the preparation is not separate from the worship but part of it.	Beberá el agua fría después del largo tiempo de adoración y el descanso que toma entre la música y el mensaje preparará su cuerpo y alma para recibir lo que viene a continuación y la preparación no está separada de la adoración sino que es parte de ella.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink from the same cup as his brothers and sisters in Christ at the table of the Lord and the equality that cup establishes will be truer and more permanent than any distinction that the world has tried to use to separate them.	Beberá de la misma copa que sus hermanos y hermanas en Cristo en la mesa del Señor y la igualdad que esa copa establece será más verdadera y más permanente que cualquier distinción que el mundo ha tratado de usar para separarlos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the soup together every Sunday after the service because we have decided that the practice of eating together is not optional but essential and that a church that separates after worship rather than gathering around a common table after worship is missing something the early church understood as fundamental.	Beberemos la sopa juntos cada domingo después del servicio porque hemos decidido que la práctica de comer juntos no es opcional sino esencial y que una iglesia que se separa después de la adoración en lugar de reunirse alrededor de una mesa común después de la adoración está perdiendo algo que la iglesia primitiva entendía como fundamental.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the cold water from that spring every day if I lived closer to it because there is something about water that comes directly from the ground that satisfies in a way that processed water never quite manages.	Bebería el agua fría de ese manantial cada día si viviera más cerca de él porque hay algo en el agua que viene directamente del suelo que satisface de una manera que el agua procesada nunca logra del todo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the herbal tea more regularly if you kept it at your desk because the convenience of a good thing is part of what allows it to become a practice rather than an intention that remains unrealized.	Beberías el té de hierbas más regularmente si lo mantuvieras en tu escritorio porque la conveniencia de una buena cosa es parte de lo que le permite convertirse en una práctica en lugar de una intención que permanece sin realizar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the water more if she remembered to bring a bottle with her and the act of making the right choice easier is sometimes the most important thing a person can do to actually live out what they believe about the care of the body.	Bebería el agua más si recordara traer una botella consigo y el acto de hacer que la elección correcta sea más fácil es a veces la cosa más importante que una persona puede hacer para realmente vivir lo que cree sobre el cuidado del cuerpo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the communion cup with more intentionality if he understood better what he was participating in and that lack of understanding is one of the strongest arguments for better teaching in the church about what the Lord's Supper actually means.	Bebería la copa de la comunión con más intencionalidad si entendiera mejor en qué estaba participando y esa falta de comprensión es uno de los argumentos más fuertes para una mejor enseñanza en la iglesia sobre lo que realmente significa la Cena del Señor.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink together more often if we lived closer to each other and the distance between us has taught us that proximity is not the same as closeness but that it is significantly easier to maintain closeness when proximity is available.	Beberíamos juntos más frecuentemente si viviéramos más cerca el uno del otro y la distancia entre nosotros nos ha enseñado que la proximidad no es lo mismo que la cercanía pero que es significativamente más fácil mantener la cercanía cuando la proximidad está disponible.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the water from the local source if it were safe and the work of making the local water safe is the work of the kind of justice that the prophets describe as inseparable from authentic worship of the God who made and loves all people equally.	Beberían el agua de la fuente local si fuera segura y el trabajo de hacer que el agua local sea segura es el trabajo del tipo de justicia que los profetas describen como inseparable de la adoración auténtica del Dios que hizo y ama a todas las personas por igual.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink more water during the day if I were not so easily distracted by other things and the distraction is itself something to examine because a person who cannot attend to their own body's basic needs is unlikely to attend well to the needs of the people they are called to serve.	Bebería más agua durante el día si no me distrajeran tan fácilmente otras cosas y la distracción es en sí misma algo que examinar porque una persona que no puede atender las necesidades básicas de su propio cuerpo no es probable que atienda bien las necesidades de las personas a las que está llamada a servir.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the welcome drink your hosts prepare for you if you arrive before dinner and they offer it because receiving hospitality gracefully is itself a form of love that honors the effort of the one who offers it.	Beberías la bebida de bienvenida que tus anfitriones preparan para ti si llegas antes de la cena y la ofrecen porque recibir la hospitalidad con gracia es en sí mismo una forma de amor que honra el esfuerzo del que la ofrece.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink from the river if it were not contaminated and the contamination of the river is among the most direct violations of the command to tend and care for the creation that God entrusted to our stewardship.	Bebería del río si no estuviera contaminado y la contaminación del río está entre las violaciones más directas del mandato de atender y cuidar la creación que Dios confió a nuestra mayordomía.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the herbal tea his wife suggests if he did not find the preparation too complicated and the willingness to receive care from another person is sometimes harder than the care itself would be if one could only get past the resistance.	Bebería el té de hierbas que su esposa sugiere si no encontrara la preparación demasiado complicada y la disposición a recibir el cuidado de otra persona es a veces más difícil que el cuidado en sí mismo si solo uno pudiera superar la resistencia.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink the communion together more frequently if the service schedule allowed for it and the hunger for more frequent communion is itself a sign that the community has understood what the table means and wants more of what it offers.	Beberíamos la comunión juntos más frecuentemente si el horario del servicio lo permitiera y el anhelo de comunión más frecuente es en sí mismo una señal de que la comunidad ha entendido lo que la mesa significa y quiere más de lo que ofrece.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink from the spring that is now sealed if the community decided to restore it because there are gifts in a place that a place holds waiting for the people who live there to remember what was given to them.	Beberían del manantial que ahora está sellado si la comunidad decidiera restaurarlo porque hay regalos en un lugar que el lugar sostiene esperando que las personas que viven allí recuerden lo que se les dio.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink more slowly if I were not always rushing toward the next thing and the rushing is a form of the anxiety that Jesus addressed directly when he told his listeners to consider the lilies and to trust the One who provides for them.	Bebería más despacio si no siempre estuviera apresurándome hacia la próxima cosa y el apresuramiento es una forma de la ansiedad que Jesús abordó directamente cuando le dijo a sus oyentes que consideraran los lirios y confiaran en el que les provee.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the cold water at the feast and give thanks over it and the giving of thanks over a simple thing like water is a practice that changes the person who practices it in ways that can be measured in the quality of their attention to other gifts.	Beberías el agua fría en el banquete y darías gracias sobre ella y el dar gracias sobre una cosa simple como el agua es una práctica que cambia a la persona que la practica de maneras que se pueden medir en la calidad de su atención a otros regalos.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the fresh orange juice every morning if oranges were available and the limitation of seasonal produce has its own wisdom — not every good thing is available at every time and the scarcity of a thing for part of the year makes its season feel like an answered prayer.	Bebería el jugo de naranja fresco cada mañana si las naranjas estuvieran disponibles y la limitación de los productos de temporada tiene su propia sabiduría — no toda cosa buena está disponible en todo momento y la escasez de una cosa por parte del año hace que su temporada se sienta como una oración respondida.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink from the cup of suffering willingly if he knew for certain that it would produce in him the kind of character that suffering is designed to form but the uncertainty is part of the suffering and the willingness to trust in the uncertainty is the faith that the cup is meant to deepen.	Bebería de la copa del sufrimiento voluntariamente si supiera con certeza que produciría en él el tipo de carácter que el sufrimiento está diseñado para formar pero la incertidumbre es parte del sufrimiento y la disposición a confiar en la incertidumbre es la fe que la copa está destinada a profundizar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink from the same source if that source were accessible to everyone and the work of making provision accessible to everyone is among the clearest expressions of the love of God that any community can embody.	Beberíamos de la misma fuente si esa fuente fuera accesible para todos y el trabajo de hacer que la provisión sea accesible para todos está entre las expresiones más claras del amor de Dios que cualquier comunidad puede encarnar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the living water that Christ offers if they understood what it actually was and the work of making that offer intelligible in language that connects with people's actual experience of thirst is the permanent and necessary work of the church in every generation.	Beberían el agua viva que Cristo ofrece si entendieran lo que era realmente y el trabajo de hacer esa oferta inteligible en un lenguaje que conecta con la experiencia real de la sed de las personas es el trabajo permanente y necesario de la iglesia en cada generación.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the smoothie you make every morning if I could figure out how to prepare the same kind without spending an hour in the kitchen and the constraints of time are among the most honest limits on idealism about how to live well.	Bebería el batido que haces cada mañana si pudiera descubrir cómo preparar el mismo tipo sin pasar una hora en la cocina y las restricciones de tiempo están entre los límites más honestos del idealismo sobre cómo vivir bien.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the water from the stream if you trusted that it was clean because the relationship between trust and receiving is not accidental — you cannot receive what you do not trust and learning to trust is the precondition of most of the good things that life offers.	Beberías el agua del arroyo si confiaras en que estaba limpia porque la relación entre la confianza y el recibir no es accidental — no puedes recibir lo que no confías y aprender a confiar es la condición previa de la mayoría de las cosas buenas que la vida ofrece.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the tea offered by her enemy if she were brave enough to sit at the table with them and the bravery of sitting at a table with someone who has hurt you is among the hardest and most necessary things that the gospel calls its followers to practice.	Bebería el té ofrecido por su enemigo si fuera lo suficientemente valiente para sentarse a la mesa con ellos y el valor de sentarse en una mesa con alguien que te ha lastimado está entre las cosas más difíciles y más necesarias que el evangelio llama a sus seguidores a practicar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink from the well of prayer more often if he could silence the voice that tells him his prayers are not heard and the work of faith is partly the work of sitting with the prayer even when the prayer feels unanswered and trusting that the One who hears all things has heard this one.	Bebería del pozo de la oración más a menudo si pudiera silenciar la voz que le dice que sus oraciones no son escuchadas y el trabajo de la fe es en parte el trabajo de sentarse con la oración incluso cuando la oración se siente sin respuesta y confiar en que el que escucha todas las cosas ha escuchado esta.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink the coffee with more appreciation if we knew the story of the people who grew it and the labor conditions of those farmers and the supply chains that brought it to our table because appreciation always deepens when knowledge of the full story replaces comfortable ignorance.	Beberíamos el café con más apreciación si conociéramos la historia de las personas que lo cultivaron y las condiciones laborales de esos agricultores y las cadenas de suministro que lo trajeron a nuestra mesa porque la apreciación siempre se profundiza cuando el conocimiento de la historia completa reemplaza la ignorancia cómoda.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the juice at the church gathering rather than the caffeinated alternatives if the church offered it and the small choices about what a community provides signal something about what the community believes about how people should be cared for.	Beberían el jugo en la reunión de la iglesia en lugar de las alternativas con cafeína si la iglesia lo ofreciera y las pequeñas elecciones sobre lo que una comunidad proporciona señalan algo sobre lo que la comunidad cree sobre cómo deben cuidarse las personas.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink from the well my grandfather dug if it still stood and the fact that it no longer stands is not a reason for grief but a reason to honor the labor that built it by building something equivalent that will last for the next generation.	Bebería del pozo que mi abuelo excavó si todavía estuviera de pie y el hecho de que ya no esté de pie no es razón para el duelo sino una razón para honrar el trabajo que lo construyó construyendo algo equivalente que durará para la próxima generación.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink from the cup of grace more freely if you truly believed that the grace being offered is not conditioned on your worthiness to receive it and the whole of the gospel is the demonstration that it is not.	Beberías de la copa de la gracia más libremente si verdaderamente creyeras que la gracia que se ofrece no está condicionada a tu dignidad de recibirla y todo el evangelio es la demostración de que no lo está.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the water that Jesus offered the woman at the well eagerly if she stood there and understood what was being offered and the tragedy of the church is that the offer is still being made and the people standing at the well still do not always understand what they are being given.	Bebería el agua que Jesús ofreció a la mujer junto al pozo ansiosamente si estuviera allí y entendiera lo que se estaba ofreciendo y la tragedia de la iglesia es que la oferta todavía se está haciendo y las personas que están junto al pozo todavía no siempre entienden lo que se les está dando.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the communion wine if the service used wine rather than juice and his preference is a reminder that different communities have made different choices about the table and that the unity the table is meant to express does not require every community to make the same choices about every detail.	Bebería el vino de la comunión si el servicio usara vino en lugar de jugo y su preferencia es un recordatorio de que diferentes comunidades han hecho diferentes elecciones sobre la mesa y que la unidad que la mesa está destinada a expresar no requiere que cada comunidad haga las mismas elecciones sobre cada detalle.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink the tea together at the end of every week if our schedules allowed it and the discipline of building in a weekly ritual of rest and connection is among the practices that sustain relationships over the decades that otherwise erode what was built in the earlier years.	Beberíamos el té juntos al final de cada semana si nuestros horarios lo permitieran y la disciplina de incorporar un ritual semanal de descanso y conexión está entre las prácticas que sostienen las relaciones durante las décadas que de otro modo erosionan lo que fue construido en los años anteriores.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the fresh water if they had access to it and the people who have access to clean water and do not give thanks for it are practicing one of the more subtle forms of ingratitude that corrupts the soul more slowly but just as certainly as the obvious ones.	Beberían el agua fresca si tuvieran acceso a ella y las personas que tienen acceso al agua limpia y no dan gracias por ella están practicando una de las formas más sutiles de ingratitud que corrompe el alma más despacio pero igual de cierto que las obvias.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink from every cup offered to me with a willing heart if I could be certain that receiving gracefully was as important as offering freely and the truth is that it is and the person who gives well but receives poorly has only understood half the theology of gift.	Bebería de cada copa ofrecida con un corazón dispuesto si pudiera estar seguro de que recibir con gracia era tan importante como ofrecer libremente y la verdad es que lo es y la persona que da bien pero recibe mal solo ha entendido la mitad de la teología del regalo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the communion cup with more wonder if the wonder of what it represents were more present to you and the cultivation of that wonder is partly the work of teaching and partly the work of prayer and partly the work of a community that takes seriously the things it does together.	Beberías la copa de la comunión con más asombro si el asombro de lo que representa estuviera más presente en ti y el cultivo de ese asombro es en parte el trabajo de la enseñanza y en parte el trabajo de la oración y en parte el trabajo de una comunidad que se toma en serio las cosas que hace juntas.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink from the stream that once ran clear if the land were healed and the healing of the land and the healing of the community and the healing of the relationship between human beings and the creation are not three separate projects but one.	Bebería del arroyo que alguna vez corrió claro si la tierra fuera sanada y la sanidad de la tierra y la sanidad de la comunidad y la sanidad de la relación entre los seres humanos y la creación no son tres proyectos separados sino uno.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the cup of blessing more readily if he understood that the blessing in the cup is not earned by being ready for it but given to those who come to the table at all because the table was not designed for those who are prepared but for those who are thirsty.	Bebería la copa de la bendición más fácilmente si entendiera que la bendición en la copa no se gana estando listo para ella sino que se da a los que vienen a la mesa en absoluto porque la mesa no fue diseñada para los que están preparados sino para los que tienen sed.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink the water with the people in the community we serve rather than arriving with our own bottled water from outside if we understood that the difference between those two approaches is the difference between charity and solidarity and that one builds relationship and the other only extends it from a distance.	Beberíamos el agua con las personas en la comunidad a la que servimos en lugar de llegar con nuestra propia agua embotellada de fuera si entendiéramos que la diferencia entre esos dos enfoques es la diferencia entre la caridad y la solidaridad y que uno construye relación y el otro solo la extiende desde la distancia.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the tea prepared for them by the elder with more appreciation if they knew the effort that went into the preparation and the knowledge of effort is one of the things that converts a received good into a recognized gift.	Beberían el té preparado para ellos por el anciano con más apreciación si conocieran el esfuerzo que fue a la preparación y el conocimiento del esfuerzo es una de las cosas que convierte un bien recibido en un regalo reconocido.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the juice with you every morning if we lived in the same city but since we do not I will drink mine alone and think of you drinking yours and offer a prayer over the distance between us that God would be as present to you today as the morning light is present to me here.	Bebería el jugo contigo cada mañana si viviéramos en la misma ciudad pero como no es así beberé el mío solo y pensaré en ti bebiendo el tuyo y ofreceré una oración sobre la distancia entre nosotros de que Dios sea tan presente para ti hoy como la luz de la mañana es presente para mí aquí.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink from the well of community if you allowed yourself to be received by the people who are already offering to receive you and the resistance to being received is often more about fear than about the quality of what is being offered.	Beberías del pozo de la comunidad si te permitieras ser recibido por las personas que ya están ofreciendo recibirte y la resistencia a ser recibido es a menudo más sobre el miedo que sobre la calidad de lo que se está ofreciendo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the broth and rest if she gave herself permission to stop working and the permission she needs to give herself is the same permission the Sabbath was designed to grant — that stopping is not failure but faithfulness.	Bebería el caldo y descansaría si se diera permiso de dejar de trabajar y el permiso que necesita darse es el mismo permiso que el Sábado fue diseñado para otorgar — que detenerse no es fracaso sino fidelidad.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink from the cup of forgiveness if he believed the forgiveness was real but the believing is the hard part and the unbelief in one's own forgiveness is the specific wound that the cross is designed to heal.	Bebería de la copa del perdón si creyera que el perdón era real pero el creer es la parte difícil y la incredulidad en el propio perdón es la herida específica que la cruz está diseñada para sanar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink together every evening if this season of life allowed it and the season that prevents it is not permanent and the anticipation of the shared table that will be possible again is itself a form of hope that the present difficulty cannot extinguish.	Beberíamos juntos cada noche si esta temporada de vida lo permitiera y la temporada que lo impide no es permanente y la anticipación de la mesa compartida que será posible de nuevo es en sí misma una forma de esperanza que la dificultad presente no puede extinguir.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink more deeply from the tradition if the tradition were better explained to them and the explanation is not decoration but foundation — people cannot inhabit what they do not understand and understanding is the church's permanent gift to give.	Beberían más profundamente de la tradición si la tradición les fuera mejor explicada y la explicación no es decoración sino fundamento — las personas no pueden habitar lo que no entienden y el entendimiento es el regalo permanente de la iglesia para dar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the communion cup more mindfully if I arrived at the table less distracted and the distraction I arrive with is the accumulation of everything I failed to lay down during the week and the table is one of the places where I can still lay it down before the bread and cup come to me.	Bebería la copa de la comunión más conscientemente si llegara a la mesa menos distraído y la distracción con la que llego es la acumulación de todo lo que no pude dejar durante la semana y la mesa es uno de los lugares donde todavía puedo dejarlo antes de que el pan y la copa lleguen a mí.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the sparkling water at the celebration dinner and in drinking it celebrate not only the particular achievement being recognized but the community that made the achievement possible and that will be the ground from which the next achievement grows.	Beberías el agua con gas en la cena de celebración y al beberla celebrarías no solo el logro particular que se está reconociendo sino la comunidad que hizo posible el logro y que será el terreno del que crecerá el próximo logro.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink from any cup offered to her with faith because she had decided that faith expressed itself partly in the willingness to receive from others and that a life of never receiving was as incomplete as a life of never giving.	Bebería de cualquier copa ofrecida con fe porque había decidido que la fe se expresaba en parte en la disposición a recibir de otros y que una vida de nunca recibir era tan incompleta como una vida de nunca dar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the water from the new filtration system the congregation funded and find in the clean water a taste of the kind of collective goodness that is possible when people pool their resources for the provision of basic needs rather than spending them individually on minor luxuries.	Bebería el agua del nuevo sistema de filtración que la congregación financió y encontraría en el agua limpia un sabor del tipo de bondad colectiva que es posible cuando las personas agrupan sus recursos para la provisión de necesidades básicas en lugar de gastarlos individualmente en lujos menores.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink together at the same table if reconciliation were possible and the belief that reconciliation is possible between people who have genuinely hurt each other is one of the most distinguishing claims of the gospel and one of the most practically difficult.	Beberíamos juntos en la misma mesa si la reconciliación fuera posible y la creencia de que la reconciliación es posible entre personas que genuinamente se han lastimado mutuamente es una de las afirmaciones más distintivas del evangelio y una de las más prácticamente difíciles.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the living water if they understood that the thirst they are trying to satisfy with everything the world offers is a thirst that only the living water can address and that the failure of every other water to finally satisfy is not a problem to solve but a sign to read.	Beberían el agua viva si entendieran que la sed que están tratando de satisfacer con todo lo que el mundo ofrece es una sed que solo el agua viva puede abordar y que el fracaso de cada otro agua para finalmente satisfacer no es un problema a resolver sino una señal a leer.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the water that is brought to them by the team and what is offered in that act of carrying is not only the water but the hours of preparation and the miles of travel and the years of commitment that made any of it possible.	Beberán el agua que les trae el equipo y lo que se ofrece en ese acto de llevar no es solo el agua sino las horas de preparación y las millas de viaje y los años de compromiso que hicieron posible cualquiera de ello.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the communion cup gratefully knowing that the grace it represents has already been given and that my coming to receive it is not an act that earns the grace but a response to the grace that was given before I arrived.	Beberé la copa de la comunión con gratitud sabiendo que la gracia que representa ya ha sido dada y que mi venir a recibirla no es un acto que gana la gracia sino una respuesta a la gracia que fue dada antes de que llegara.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the fresh water that the rain has brought to the cistern and in the timing of that rain and its collection in the cistern see the same provision that the generation before you saw and the generation before them and the God whose faithfulness runs through every generation's rain.	Beberás el agua fresca que la lluvia ha traído a la cisterna y en el momento de esa lluvia y su recolección en la cisterna verás la misma provisión que vio la generación anterior a ti y la generación anterior a ellos y el Dios cuya fidelidad corre a través de la lluvia de cada generación.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink the water with the community she has come to serve and in sitting at the same table and drinking from the same source will demonstrate in the most basic way available to her what the theology she carries actually claims about the equal dignity of all people.	Beberá el agua con la comunidad a la que ha venido a servir y al sentarse en la misma mesa y beber de la misma fuente demostrará de la manera más básica disponible para ella lo que la teología que lleva realmente afirma sobre la igual dignidad de todas las personas.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink from the well of Scripture and from the well of prayer and from the well of community because the person who draws from all three is more resilient than the person who draws from only one and the integration of the three is the complete provision God offers.	Beberá del pozo de las Escrituras y del pozo de la oración y del pozo de la comunidad porque la persona que saca de los tres es más resiliente que la persona que saca de solo uno y la integración de los tres es la provisión completa que Dios ofrece.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the fruit of the vine new in the kingdom of God and the table of the kingdom will make every table of the current age look like a rehearsal for something that was always being prepared and finally arrived.	Beberemos el fruto de la vid nuevo en el reino de Dios y la mesa del reino hará que cada mesa de la era actual parezca un ensayo para algo que siempre se estaba preparando y finalmente llegó.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the cold water that the congregation prepared for the outdoor community event and the small act of anticipating what people would need before they arrived and providing it before they asked is one of the most tangible forms of love that a community can express to its neighbors.	Beberán el agua fría que la congregación preparó para el evento comunitario al aire libre y el pequeño acto de anticipar lo que las personas necesitarían antes de que llegaran y proveerlo antes de que pidieran es una de las formas más tangibles de amor que una comunidad puede expresar a sus vecinos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	I will drink the coffee at the early prayer meeting and give thanks for the community that gathers before the day begins and for the God who is already there when we arrive and has been there in the darkness while we were still asleep.	Beberé el café en la reunión de oración temprana y daré gracias por la comunidad que se reúne antes de que comience el día y por el Dios que ya está allí cuando llegamos y ha estado allí en la oscuridad mientras todavía dormíamos.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	You will drink the tea my grandmother used to make and in the familiar taste discover what she knew about how to care for the people you love in a way that no verbal instruction could have transmitted as clearly as the recipe itself.	Beberás el té que mi abuela solía hacer y en el sabor familiar descubrirás lo que ella sabía sobre cómo cuidar a las personas que amas de una manera que ninguna instrucción verbal podría haber transmitido tan claramente como la receta misma.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	She will drink from every available source of wisdom and community until she finds the one that actually satisfies and when she finds it she will know it not because it claims to satisfy but because in drinking from it she actually does not thirst again in the same way.	Beberá de cada fuente disponible de sabiduría y comunidad hasta que encuentre la que realmente satisface y cuando la encuentre lo sabrá no porque afirme satisfacer sino porque al beber de ella realmente no tiene sed de nuevo de la misma manera.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	He will drink the broth on the first day of his recovery and the family gathered in that room will be glad together in a way that is only possible after a time of genuine fear because gratitude that follows fear is fuller than gratitude that has never been tested.	Beberá el caldo en el primer día de su recuperación y la familia reunida en ese cuarto estará contenta juntos de una manera que solo es posible después de un tiempo de miedo genuino porque la gratitud que sigue al miedo es más plena que la gratitud que nunca ha sido probada.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	We will drink the fresh juice from the market on the morning of the feast and the celebration will begin with that juice and with the gratitude for everything that made the feast possible and everything that will make the feast beautiful.	Beberemos el jugo fresco del mercado en la mañana del banquete y la celebración comenzará con ese jugo y con la gratitud por todo lo que hizo posible el banquete y todo lo que hará hermoso el banquete.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Future::Indicative	They will drink the water from the rain catchment system the community built together and the water they drink from a system they built will nourish their sense of capacity as well as their bodies and both forms of nourishment are necessary for the kind of community that can sustain itself.	Beberán el agua del sistema de recolección de lluvia que la comunidad construyó juntos y el agua que beban de un sistema que construyeron nutrirá su sentido de capacidad así como sus cuerpos y ambas formas de nutrición son necesarias para el tipo de comunidad que puede sostenerse a sí misma.	Beber Future Indicative
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the cold water from the mountain spring whenever I needed to remember that the world was good and God was generous and that both things were still true regardless of what the day had offered as evidence to the contrary.	Bebería el agua fría del manantial de la montaña siempre que necesitara recordar que el mundo era bueno y Dios era generoso y que ambas cosas seguían siendo verdad independientemente de lo que el día había ofrecido como evidencia en contrario.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the water offered to you by the person who disagrees with you on everything important if you remembered that the offer of water is not an endorsement of their views but an expression of a shared humanity that exists underneath the disagreement.	Beberías el agua que te ofrece la persona que está en desacuerdo contigo en todo lo importante si recordaras que la oferta de agua no es un respaldo de sus puntos de vista sino una expresión de una humanidad compartida que existe debajo del desacuerdo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the cup of forgiveness more freely if she understood that the forgiveness in the cup was given by someone who had more reason to withhold it than she does and who chose not to withhold it and that the same capacity is available to her.	Bebería la copa del perdón más libremente si entendiera que el perdón en la copa fue dado por alguien que tenía más razones para retenerlo que ella y que eligió no retenerlo y que la misma capacidad está disponible para ella.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink from the deep well of the contemplative tradition more regularly if he had better guidance on how to enter it and the absence of guidance is one of the things the church could correct with the most benefit to the people it is called to form.	Bebería del pozo profundo de la tradición contemplativa más regularmente si tuviera mejor guía sobre cómo entrar en ella y la ausencia de guía es una de las cosas que la iglesia podría corregir con mayor beneficio para las personas que está llamada a formar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink the communion cup with greater frequency if we understood that the table is a practice that forms the community and not only a memorial that remembers a past event and that formation requires repetition.	Beberíamos la copa de la comunión con mayor frecuencia si entendiéramos que la mesa es una práctica que forma a la comunidad y no solo un memorial que recuerda un evento pasado y que la formación requiere repetición.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the water more carefully if they knew how far it had traveled to reach them and the invisibility of the supply chain that delivers basic necessities is one of the features of modern life that makes gratitude for provision so difficult to sustain.	Beberían el agua con más cuidado si supieran qué tan lejos había viajado para llegar a ellos y la invisibilidad de la cadena de suministro que entrega las necesidades básicas es una de las características de la vida moderna que hace que la gratitud por la provisión sea tan difícil de sostener.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink more water and less of everything else if thirst were always as legible to me as hunger and the difficulty of reading my body's signals is one of the arguments for the kind of bodily attentiveness that the contemplative tradition has always commended.	Bebería más agua y menos de todo lo demás si la sed siempre fuera tan legible para mí como el hambre y la dificultad de leer las señales de mi cuerpo es uno de los argumentos para el tipo de atención corporal que la tradición contemplativa siempre ha recomendado.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink from the spring more often if you knew how quickly it could dry up and the vulnerability of provision to drought and disruption is one of the things that should make any person of faith more attentive to the source of every provision they receive.	Beberías del manantial más a menudo si supieras qué rápido podría secarse y la vulnerabilidad de la provisión a la sequía y la interrupción es una de las cosas que debería hacer a cualquier persona de fe más atenta a la fuente de cada provisión que recibe.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the same water as the people she serves if she stayed longer than a visit allows and the length of stay is one of the most honest variables in any ministry relationship because how long you stay determines what you actually have access to understand.	Bebería el mismo agua que las personas a las que sirve si se quedara más tiempo del que permite una visita y la duración de la estadía es una de las variables más honestas en cualquier relación ministerial porque cuánto tiempo te quedas determina a qué realmente tienes acceso para entender.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the communion cup on every occasion it was offered because he believed that the table was not a reward for the spiritually advanced but a provision for the spiritually needy and that he would never be anything but the latter.	Bebería la copa de la comunión en cada ocasión que se ofreciera porque creía que la mesa no era una recompensa para los espiritualmente avanzados sino una provisión para los espiritualmente necesitados y que nunca sería otra cosa que los últimos.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink together more if we lived closer and the ache of distance is one of the things that teaches us how much we were made for the physical presence of the people we love and why the promise of the resurrection includes bodies.	Beberíamos juntos más si viviéramos más cerca y el dolor de la distancia es una de las cosas que nos enseña cuánto fuimos hechos para la presencia física de las personas que amamos y por qué la promesa de la resurrección incluye los cuerpos.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink from the well of the community's wisdom if they knew where to find it and the task of making accumulated wisdom findable is one of the most important forms of service that elders can offer to the generation that comes after them.	Beberían del pozo de la sabiduría de la comunidad si supieran dónde encontrarla y la tarea de hacer que la sabiduría acumulada sea encontrable es una de las formas más importantes de servicio que los ancianos pueden ofrecer a la generación que viene después de ellos.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink from the cup of community life more freely if I were less afraid of what people would see in me when I allowed them close enough to see it and the fear of being known is one of the primary forces that keeps people at the distance that prevents the nourishment they most need.	Bebería de la copa de la vida comunitaria más libremente si tuviera menos miedo de lo que las personas verían en mí cuando les permitiera acercarse lo suficiente para verlo y el miedo a ser conocido es una de las fuerzas primarias que mantiene a las personas a la distancia que impide la nutrición que más necesitan.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink from the well of peace that passes understanding if you stopped trying to manufacture it through your own effort and trusted instead the One who said he gives it not as the world gives.	Beberías del pozo de la paz que sobrepasa el entendimiento si dejaras de intentar manufacturarla a través de tu propio esfuerzo y confiaras en cambio en el que dijo que la da no como el mundo la da.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the fresh juice and give thanks and mean it if she could hold in her mind the millions of people for whom fresh juice is a luxury beyond their reach and let their reality convert her ordinary abundance into a site of genuine gratitude rather than thoughtless consumption.	Bebería el jugo fresco y daría gracias y lo diría en serio si pudiera mantener en su mente a los millones de personas para quienes el jugo fresco es un lujo fuera de su alcance y dejar que su realidad convirtiera su abundancia ordinaria en un sitio de gratitud genuina en lugar de consumo irreflexivo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the water more mindfully if he understood that every act of drinking is an opportunity to practice receiving — one of the spiritual disciplines that a culture organized around self-sufficiency makes it very difficult to maintain.	Bebería el agua más conscientemente si entendiera que cada acto de beber es una oportunidad de practicar el recibir — una de las disciplinas espirituales que una cultura organizada alrededor de la autosuficiencia hace muy difícil mantener.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink in celebration more often if we were better at recognizing the things worth celebrating because the discipline of celebration is partly the discipline of attention — learning to see the gifts that ordinary days contain and responding to them with the gratitude they deserve.	Beberíamos en celebración más a menudo si fuéramos mejores reconociendo las cosas que vale la pena celebrar porque la disciplina de la celebración es en parte la disciplina de la atención — aprender a ver los regalos que contienen los días ordinarios y responder a ellos con la gratitud que merecen.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the living water that Jesus offers if they understood what he was offering and the work of making his offer understandable in language that connects with the specific thirst of each generation is the permanent and living task of the community that bears his name.	Beberían el agua viva que Jesús ofrece si entendieran lo que estaba ofreciendo y el trabajo de hacer su oferta comprensible en un lenguaje que conecta con la sed específica de cada generación es la tarea permanente y viva de la comunidad que lleva su nombre.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink from the river of God's mercy without stopping if I finally believed that the river had no bottom and that the invitation to drink had no condition attached to it beyond the willingness to come.	Bebería del río de la misericordia de Dios sin parar si finalmente creyera que el río no tiene fondo y que la invitación a beber no tiene ninguna condición adjunta más allá de la disposición a venir.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the tea offered to you at the home of the elder if you trusted that the elder's home was a safe place to receive hospitality and the building of that trust is not instantaneous but the work of many small faithful acts over time.	Beberías el té ofrecido en el hogar del anciano si confiaras en que el hogar del anciano es un lugar seguro para recibir hospitalidad y la construcción de esa confianza no es instantánea sino el trabajo de muchos pequeños actos fieles con el tiempo.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the cup of discipline more willingly if she could see the outcome it was producing from where she stands and the inability to see the outcome is one of the conditions that makes trust necessary and also the condition that makes trust genuinely trust rather than merely informed preference.	Bebería la copa de la disciplina más voluntariamente si pudiera ver el resultado que estaba produciendo desde donde está y la incapacidad de ver el resultado es una de las condiciones que hace necesaria la confianza y también la condición que hace que la confianza sea genuinamente confianza en lugar de meramente preferencia informada.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink the water and rest if he believed that rest was not the enemy of faithfulness but one of its requirements and the misunderstanding of rest as laziness is one of the things that drives people toward exhaustion and away from the kind of sustainable faithfulness that decades require.	Bebería el agua y descansaría si creyera que el descanso no era el enemigo de la fidelidad sino uno de sus requisitos y el malentendido del descanso como pereza es una de las cosas que impulsa a las personas hacia el agotamiento y lejos del tipo de fidelidad sostenible que las décadas requieren.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink together at the feast of the kingdom if the kingdom came today and the prayer that it would come today is the prayer that teaches us to live as if it already has which in some real sense it already has.	Beberíamos juntos en el banquete del reino si el reino viniera hoy y la oración de que vendría hoy es la oración que nos enseña a vivir como si ya hubiera llegado lo cual en cierto sentido real ya ha llegado.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the cold water the volunteer brings if they knew it was coming and the anticipation of provision is part of the provision because hope that is grounded is itself a form of nourishment even before the provision arrives.	Beberían el agua fría que trae el voluntario si supieran que estaba llegando y la anticipación de la provisión es parte de la provisión porque la esperanza que está fundamentada es en sí misma una forma de nutrición incluso antes de que llegue la provisión.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the warm drink you prepared for me and find in the warmth of it a kindness that the busyness of the day had been trying to convince me was not available to me but that the simple fact of the cup in my hands now proves was always possible.	Bebería la bebida caliente que preparaste para mí y encontraría en el calor de ella una bondad que el ajetreo del día había estado tratando de convencerme de que no estaba disponible para mí pero que el simple hecho de la taza en mis manos ahora prueba que siempre fue posible.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink the juice in the morning and the tea in the evening and the variety of provision across the day would be itself a kind of worship because the diversity of God's provision is one of the evidences of the generosity that the creation is designed to display.	Beberías el jugo en la mañana y el té en la noche y la variedad de provisión a lo largo del día sería en sí misma un tipo de adoración porque la diversidad de la provisión de Dios es una de las evidencias de la generosidad que la creación está diseñada para mostrar.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	She would drink the water more and worry less if she trusted that the same God who provided the water was also present to the things she was worrying about and that the provision of the water was evidence of a faithfulness that extended beyond the water.	Bebería el agua más y se preocuparía menos si confiara en que el mismo Dios que proveyó el agua también estaba presente ante las cosas sobre las que se preocupaba y que la provisión del agua era evidencia de una fidelidad que se extendía más allá del agua.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	He would drink from the cup of blessing that God offers freely if he would stop waiting until he felt worthy to receive it and waiting to feel worthy is one of the ways that pride disguises itself as humility and keeps people from the table.	Bebería de la copa de la bendición que Dios ofrece libremente si dejara de esperar hasta sentirse digno de recibirla y esperar sentirse digno es una de las maneras en que el orgullo se disfraza de humildad y mantiene a las personas lejos de la mesa.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	We would drink more slowly if we had more time and the busyness that prevents slow drinking prevents also the kind of unhurried gratitude that slow drinking produces and the loss of both is a significant poverty that comfortable busy people rarely recognize in themselves.	Beberíamos más despacio si tuviéramos más tiempo y el ajetreo que impide beber despacio impide también el tipo de gratitud sin prisa que produce beber despacio y la pérdida de ambos es una pobreza significativa que las personas ocupadas cómodas raramente reconocen en sí mismas.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	They would drink the water freely if they understood that the spring does not diminish with use and the offer of the living water carries this promise embedded in it — that there is enough for everyone who comes and that coming does not reduce what is available for others.	Beberían el agua libremente si entendieran que el manantial no disminuye con el uso y la oferta del agua viva lleva esta promesa incrustada en ella — que hay suficiente para todos los que vienen y que el venir no reduce lo que está disponible para otros.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	I would drink the fruit of the vine with you in the kingdom of God and the anticipation of that table sustains me through every fast that the current age requires because fasting always points toward a feast and the feast it points toward is the one that ends every fast permanently.	Bebería el fruto de la vid contigo en el reino de Dios y la anticipación de esa mesa me sustenta a través de cada ayuno que la era actual requiere porque el ayuno siempre apunta hacia un banquete y el banquete al que apunta es el que termina cada ayuno permanentemente.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Conditional	You would drink from the well of rest that Sabbath offers if you believed that the Sabbath was not a rule designed to limit you but a gift designed to restore you and that the One who designed it knew more about what the body and soul need than the productivity culture you have been formed by.	Beberías del pozo de descanso que ofrece el Sábado si creyeras que el Sábado no era una regla diseñada para limitarte sino un regalo diseñado para restaurarte y que el que lo diseñó sabía más sobre lo que el cuerpo y el alma necesitan que la cultura de productividad que te ha formado.	Beber Conditional
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from many different sources of wisdom in my life but nothing I have found in any of them has finally satisfied the way that the water Jesus offered the woman at the well satisfied her because only the source of life can address the thirst that the soul carries.	He bebido de muchas fuentes diferentes de sabiduría en mi vida pero nada de lo que he encontrado en ninguna de ellas ha satisfecho finalmente de la manera en que el agua que Jesús ofreció a la mujer junto al pozo la satisfizo porque solo la fuente de la vida puede abordar la sed que el alma lleva.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk the communion cup many times and something in you has been formed by those repeated acts that you could not have formed through reading or reflection alone because formation requires practice and the table is a practice designed to form.	Has bebido la copa de la comunión muchas veces y algo en ti ha sido formado por esos actos repetidos que no podrías haber formado a través de la lectura o la reflexión sola porque la formación requiere práctica y la mesa es una práctica diseñada para formar.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the well of her grandmother's prayers every day of her life without knowing it and the discovery of how much had been prayed over her before she was old enough to pray herself reorganized her understanding of how grace works.	Ha bebido del pozo de las oraciones de su abuela cada día de su vida sin saberlo y el descubrimiento de cuánto se había orado por ella antes de que fuera lo suficientemente mayor para orar ella misma reorganizó su comprensión de cómo funciona la gracia.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from every spring the world has offered and returned thirsty from all of them and the repeated return from the world's springs with his thirst intact is the most honest testimony to the nature of his thirst and to where the satisfaction he seeks must finally come from.	Ha bebido de cada manantial que el mundo ha ofrecido y ha regresado sediento de todos ellos y el regreso repetido de los manantiales del mundo con su sed intacta es el testimonio más honesto de la naturaleza de su sed y de dónde debe venir finalmente la satisfacción que busca.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk from the same cup this morning as believers have drunk for two thousand years and the continuity of that act across twenty centuries of history is one of the most tangible arguments for the reality of the community that Christ called into being.	Hemos bebido de la misma copa esta mañana que los creyentes han bebido durante dos mil años y la continuidad de ese acto a través de veinte siglos de historia es uno de los argumentos más tangibles para la realidad de la comunidad que Cristo llamó a existir.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the well that the church helped build and the clean water they have received this year represents thousands of hours of prayer and giving and planning by people who will never know the names of the children whose health has been protected by their generosity.	Han bebido del pozo que la iglesia ayudó a construir y el agua limpia que han recibido este año representa miles de horas de oración y donación y planificación de personas que nunca sabrán los nombres de los niños cuya salud ha sido protegida por su generosidad.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk the water of this community for three years now and in those three years I have become part of the story of a place and the story of a place is not just its geography but the people who have lived in it and what they have passed on.	He bebido el agua de esta comunidad durante tres años ahora y en esos tres años me he convertido en parte de la historia de un lugar y la historia de un lugar no es solo su geografía sino las personas que han vivido en él y lo que han transmitido.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the cup of sorrow and the cup of joy and know now in your body what the psalms know in their words — that both cups come from the same hand and that the hand that holds them is trustworthy even when you cannot see what is being offered.	Has bebido de la copa del dolor y la copa del gozo y ahora saben en tu cuerpo lo que los salmos saben en sus palabras — que ambas copas vienen de la misma mano y que la mano que las sostiene es confiable incluso cuando no puedes ver lo que se está ofreciendo.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the fountain of Scripture and found there a depth that continues to produce new nourishment in each season of her life and the ability of the same text to speak differently in different seasons is one of the evidences of its divine origin.	Ha bebido de la fuente de las Escrituras y encontrado allí una profundidad que continúa produciendo nueva nutrición en cada temporada de su vida y la capacidad del mismo texto de hablar diferente en diferentes temporadas es una de las evidencias de su origen divino.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of his father's faith and built upon it and what he has added to what he received has created something new while remaining continuous with what came before which is what every generation is called to do with the faith of the generation that preceded it.	Ha bebido de la copa de la fe de su padre y ha construido sobre ella y lo que ha añadido a lo que recibió ha creado algo nuevo mientras permanece continuo con lo que vino antes lo cual es lo que cada generación está llamada a hacer con la fe de la generación que le precedió.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk together for so many years that the sharing of a cup is now the shorthand for everything our friendship means and when we cannot share a cup in person the absence of that sharing is one of the most specific losses that distance creates.	Hemos bebido juntos durante tantos años que compartir una copa es ahora la abreviatura de todo lo que significa nuestra amistad y cuando no podemos compartir una copa en persona la ausencia de ese compartir es una de las pérdidas más específicas que crea la distancia.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the wells that previous generations dug for them and their obligation is not only to drink from those wells but to dig equivalent ones for the generation that follows them because faithfulness is always partly gratitude expressed forward.	Han bebido de los pozos que las generaciones anteriores excavaron para ellos y su obligación no es solo beber de esos pozos sino excavar equivalentes para la generación que les sigue porque la fidelidad es siempre en parte gratitud expresada hacia adelante.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk more water than usual this week and my body has responded with more energy and clarity and the simple lesson of the experiment is that the body is responsive to the care we give it and that the care is within reach whenever we actually attend to it.	He bebido más agua de lo usual esta semana y mi cuerpo ha respondido con más energía y claridad y la simple lección del experimento es que el cuerpo es receptivo al cuidado que le damos y que el cuidado está al alcance siempre que realmente le prestamos atención.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the well of this community's love for years and now it is time to give back to that well by becoming the kind of person who draws others toward it and maintains it so that what was given to you can be given to the ones who come after.	Has bebido del pozo del amor de esta comunidad durante años y ahora es tiempo de devolver a ese pozo convirtiéndote en el tipo de persona que atrae a otros hacia él y lo mantiene para que lo que se te dio pueda darse a los que vienen después.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk the communion cup faithfully through seasons of doubt and certainty alike and the faithfulness of the practice through the seasons of doubt is what gave the certainty that eventually came its quality of being earned rather than merely inherited.	Ha bebido la copa de la comunión fielmente a través de temporadas de duda y certeza por igual y la fidelidad de la práctica a través de las temporadas de duda es lo que le dio a la certeza que eventualmente llegó su calidad de ser ganada en lugar de meramente heredada.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of the new covenant and received what it promises and the testimony of his changed life is one of the arguments for the reality of what the cup promises that no abstract theological argument can replace.	Ha bebido de la copa del nuevo pacto y recibido lo que promete y el testimonio de su vida cambiada es uno de los argumentos para la realidad de lo que la copa promete que ningún argumento teológico abstracto puede reemplazar.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk together at this table for a decade and the decade has taught us that the table is one of the most reliable places to do the work of staying connected across the years because the bodies around the table have to actually be present in a way that screens do not require.	Hemos bebido juntos en esta mesa durante una década y la década nos ha enseñado que la mesa es uno de los lugares más confiables para hacer el trabajo de mantenerse conectados a través de los años porque los cuerpos alrededor de la mesa tienen que estar realmente presentes de una manera que las pantallas no requieren.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the spring of renewal that the Spirit provides and the renewal is not a one-time event but a repeated return to the source that sustains the life of the community through every drought that threatens to make the renewal seem like a memory rather than an ongoing reality.	Han bebido del manantial de renovación que el Espíritu proporciona y la renovación no es un evento único sino un regreso repetido a la fuente que sostiene la vida de la comunidad a través de cada sequía que amenaza con hacer que la renovación parezca un recuerdo en lugar de una realidad continua.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the water of baptism and the water of communion and the water of prayer and each form of water has offered something the others do not and together they represent the complete hydration that the life of faith requires.	He bebido del agua del bautismo y del agua de la comunión y del agua de la oración y cada forma de agua ha ofrecido algo que las otras no ofrecen y juntas representan la hidratación completa que la vida de la fe requiere.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk of the living water and know what it is to be satisfied in a way that the world's water never achieved and the knowing is one of the things that makes you capable of explaining to others what the offer is in language that connects with their thirst.	Has bebido del agua viva y sabes lo que es estar satisfecho de una manera que el agua del mundo nunca logró y el saber es una de las cosas que te hace capaz de explicar a otros cuál es la oferta en un lenguaje que conecta con su sed.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the stream of the tradition and found in it not limitation but liberation because a person who understands where they come from is more free rather than less free because they know what they are free for.	Ha bebido del arroyo de la tradición y encontrado en él no limitación sino liberación porque una persona que entiende de dónde viene es más libre en lugar de menos libre porque sabe para qué es libre.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of forgiveness more times than he can count and each time he returns to the table he receives what the table offers with a gratitude that is not diminished by repetition but deepened by it.	Ha bebido de la copa del perdón más veces de las que puede contar y cada vez que regresa a la mesa recibe lo que la mesa ofrece con una gratitud que no se disminuye por la repetición sino que se profundiza por ella.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk from the same well for so long that we have forgotten that not everyone has access to what we have and the forgetting is one of the things that keeps us from the gratitude and the advocacy that the access requires of those who have it.	Hemos bebido del mismo pozo durante tanto tiempo que hemos olvidado que no todos tienen acceso a lo que tenemos y el olvidar es una de las cosas que nos mantiene alejados de la gratitud y la defensa que el acceso requiere de los que lo tienen.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the river of God's provision through every dry season their community has faced and their testimony about what that provision looked like in the specific geography of their suffering is one of the most valuable things they can offer to the next community facing the same kind of season.	Han bebido del río de la provisión de Dios a través de cada temporada seca que su comunidad ha enfrentado y su testimonio sobre cómo lucía esa provisión en la geografía específica de su sufrimiento es una de las cosas más valiosas que pueden ofrecer a la próxima comunidad que enfrenta el mismo tipo de temporada.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk the fresh water and given thanks for it every morning this week and the practice of beginning the day with gratitude for the simplest provision has changed the quality of every hour that follows in a way that no other morning practice has managed.	He bebido el agua fresca y dado gracias por ella cada mañana esta semana y la práctica de comenzar el día con gratitud por la provisión más simple ha cambiado la calidad de cada hora que sigue de una manera que ninguna otra práctica matutina ha logrado.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the well of grace and know that the well is deep and the knowledge of the depth is the thing that keeps you coming back because a well that is known to be infinite is the only well that a person can drink from without anxiety about whether there will be enough for tomorrow.	Has bebido del pozo de la gracia y sabes que el pozo es profundo y el conocimiento de la profundidad es lo que te mantiene volviendo porque un pozo que se sabe infinito es el único pozo del que una persona puede beber sin ansiedad sobre si habrá suficiente para mañana.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the cup offered by many different teachers and found in each of them something that the others did not have and the breadth of what she has received has made her more capable rather than more confused because she has learned to hold different gifts without forcing them to compete.	Ha bebido de la copa ofrecida por muchos maestros diferentes y encontrado en cada uno de ellos algo que los otros no tenían y la amplitud de lo que ha recibido la ha hecho más capaz en lugar de más confundida porque ha aprendido a sostener diferentes regalos sin forzarlos a competir.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk of the same water as the prophets and the apostles and the martyrs and the ordinary faithful of every century and in drinking it has entered a communion with them that transcends time and makes him a participant in a story larger than any century can contain.	Ha bebido del mismo agua que los profetas y los apóstoles y los mártires y los fieles ordinarios de cada siglo y al beberla ha entrado en una comunión con ellos que trasciende el tiempo y lo hace partícipe de una historia más grande de lo que cualquier siglo puede contener.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk the broth of affliction together and survived it and the friendship that was forged in the sharing of the difficult cup is more durable than any friendship that has only ever shared the cup of celebration.	Hemos bebido el caldo de la aflicción juntos y lo hemos sobrevivido y la amistad que fue forjada en el compartir de la copa difícil es más duradera que cualquier amistad que solo ha compartido alguna vez la copa de la celebración.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk the water of the nations they have visited and carried in their bodies the memory of those places in a way that no photograph can preserve because the body's memory of a specific water carries the specific weight of having actually been there.	Han bebido el agua de las naciones que han visitado y llevado en sus cuerpos el recuerdo de esos lugares de una manera que ninguna fotografía puede preservar porque la memoria del cuerpo de un agua específica lleva el peso específico de haber estado realmente allí.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the cup of community life and found it nourishing beyond what any solitary spiritual practice has been able to provide because the soul was not designed for solitary provision but for the shared table and the soul that sits at the shared table receives something the solitary soul cannot.	He bebido de la copa de la vida comunitaria y la he encontrado nutritiva más allá de lo que cualquier práctica espiritual solitaria ha podido proporcionar porque el alma no fue diseñada para la provisión solitaria sino para la mesa compartida y el alma que se sienta en la mesa compartida recibe algo que el alma solitaria no puede.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk of the love of God mediated through the people God has placed around you and the evidence of that love in the specific kindnesses you have received is the argument that the theology is not merely abstract but embodied and actual and arriving in your life through the hands of specific people.	Has bebido del amor de Dios mediado a través de las personas que Dios ha colocado a tu alrededor y la evidencia de ese amor en las bondades específicas que has recibido es el argumento de que la teología no es meramente abstracta sino encarnada y real y llegando a tu vida a través de las manos de personas específicas.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the spring of joy even in the desert years and what sustained the joy in the desert years was not the absence of difficulty but the presence of the One who promised to be present in the difficulty and who kept the promise in ways she could feel even when she could not fully describe them.	Ha bebido del manantial del gozo incluso en los años del desierto y lo que sostuvo el gozo en los años del desierto no fue la ausencia de dificultad sino la presencia del que prometió estar presente en la dificultad y que mantuvo la promesa de maneras que podía sentir incluso cuando no podía describirlas completamente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the well of the Scripture every day for fifty years and has not reached the bottom and the inexhaustibility of the well is the thing that has kept him faithful to the practice through every season that might have provided a convincing excuse to abandon it.	Ha bebido del pozo de las Escrituras cada día durante cincuenta años y no ha llegado al fondo y la inagotabilidad del pozo es la cosa que lo ha mantenido fiel a la práctica a través de cada temporada que podría haber proporcionado una excusa convincente para abandonarla.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk the water of the new creation in every act of worship that has genuinely encountered the living God and those encounters have deposited something in us that was not there before and that changes how we see and what we are capable of.	Hemos bebido el agua de la nueva creación en cada acto de adoración que ha encontrado genuinamente al Dios vivo y esos encuentros han depositado algo en nosotros que no estaba antes y que cambia cómo vemos y de qué somos capaces.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the same source that sustained the church through persecution and poverty and wealth and ease and the source has proven adequate to every condition and the proof is the existence of the church in this room today.	Han bebido de la misma fuente que sostuvo a la iglesia a través de la persecución y la pobreza y la riqueza y la facilidad y la fuente ha demostrado ser adecuada para cada condición y la prueba es la existencia de la iglesia en este cuarto hoy.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the river of music and art and literature and in each of those streams have encountered something of the Creator who made human beings capable of making things that point beyond themselves to the One who made the makers.	He bebido del río de la música y el arte y la literatura y en cada una de esas corrientes he encontrado algo del Creador que hizo a los seres humanos capaces de hacer cosas que apuntan más allá de ellos mismos al que hizo a los hacedores.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the cup of shared suffering with people who had no one else to share it with and what you offered them in sharing it was the specific kind of comfort that only another human presence can provide and that no substitute for that presence has ever successfully replaced.	Has bebido de la copa del sufrimiento compartido con personas que no tenían a nadie más con quien compartirlo y lo que les ofreciste al compartirlo fue el tipo específico de consuelo que solo otra presencia humana puede proporcionar y que ningún sustituto de esa presencia ha reemplazado nunca con éxito.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the well of prayer for thirty years and there are people alive today who are alive because of that prayer and who will never know it and who she will never know and the invisible connectivity of intercession is one of the most mysterious features of the life God offers.	Ha bebido del pozo de la oración durante treinta años y hay personas vivas hoy que están vivas gracias a esa oración y que nunca lo sabrán y a quienes ella nunca conocerá y la conectividad invisible de la intercesión es una de las características más misteriosas de la vida que Dios ofrece.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of servanthood willingly and what he has received in the drinking has been more than he ever expected because the servant who drinks from the cup of service always seems to receive more than the one who waits at the table to be served.	Ha bebido de la copa de la servidumbre voluntariamente y lo que ha recibido al beberla ha sido más de lo que jamás esperaba porque el siervo que bebe de la copa del servicio siempre parece recibir más que el que espera en la mesa para ser servido.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk together at the table of the Lord and at the tables of each other's homes and between the sacred table and the ordinary tables we have built a community that holds together through the kinds of difficulty that dissolve communities that only share the sacred and never share the ordinary.	Hemos bebido juntos en la mesa del Señor y en las mesas de los hogares de los unos y los otros y entre la mesa sagrada y las mesas ordinarias hemos construido una comunidad que se mantiene unida a través de los tipos de dificultad que disuelven las comunidades que solo comparten lo sagrado y nunca comparten lo ordinario.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk deeply from the tradition and given it to their children and the tradition that passes from generation to generation is not a burden that the next generation carries but a resource that it inherits and the quality of inheritance depends on how faithfully the previous generation lived what it received.	Han bebido profundamente de la tradición y la han dado a sus hijos y la tradición que pasa de generación en generación no es una carga que la próxima generación lleva sino un recurso que hereda y la calidad de la herencia depende de cuán fielmente la generación anterior vivió lo que recibió.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk the water and the wine and the broth and the tea and the juice and in all of them have found different registers of the same provision — the way that God attends to the body's needs in ways that are not merely functional but generous and varied and beautiful.	He bebido el agua y el vino y el caldo y el té y el jugo y en todos ellos he encontrado diferentes registros de la misma provisión — la manera en que Dios atiende las necesidades del cuerpo de maneras que no son meramente funcionales sino generosas y variadas y hermosas.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the cup of grace many times and each time something in you has been changed that needed to be changed and something in you has been confirmed that needed to be confirmed and the table does both of these things simultaneously and no other practice does them as reliably.	Has bebido de la copa de la gracia muchas veces y cada vez algo en ti ha sido cambiado que necesitaba ser cambiado y algo en ti ha sido confirmado que necesitaba ser confirmado y la mesa hace ambas cosas simultáneamente y ninguna otra práctica las hace tan confiablemente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the cup of the kingdom's values and the taste of the kingdom has ruined her for every lesser thing the world has offered since because once you have tasted the kingdom nothing else satisfies in the same way and the dissatisfaction is not a problem but a gift.	Ha bebido de la copa de los valores del reino y el sabor del reino la ha arruinado para cada cosa menor que el mundo ha ofrecido desde entonces porque una vez que has probado el reino nada más satisface de la misma manera y la insatisfacción no es un problema sino un regalo.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the spring of worship and carries in his body the memory of what the presence of God feels like in a gathered community at full surrender and that memory is one of the things that calls him back to the gathering when the busyness of the week has not left much room for it.	Ha bebido del manantial de la adoración y lleva en su cuerpo el recuerdo de cómo se siente la presencia de Dios en una comunidad reunida en plena rendición y ese recuerdo es una de las cosas que lo llama de vuelta a la reunión cuando el ajetreo de la semana no ha dejado mucho espacio para ello.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk of the mercies of God that are new every morning and the newness of the morning mercies is one of the features of God's provision that prevents the gratitude from going stale because what is new cannot be taken for granted in the same way that what is old can.	Hemos bebido de las misericordias de Dios que son nuevas cada mañana y la novedad de las misericordias de la mañana es una de las características de la provisión de Dios que impide que la gratitud se vuelva obsoleta porque lo que es nuevo no puede darse por sentado de la misma manera que lo que es viejo puede.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the river of life that the Spirit provides and the river has not run dry through any season they have faced and the faithfulness of the river is the most reliable argument any of them can make for continuing to drink from it rather than from the alternatives the world offers.	Han bebido del río de la vida que el Espíritu provee y el río no se ha secado en ninguna temporada que han enfrentado y la fidelidad del río es el argumento más confiable que cualquiera de ellos puede hacer para continuar bebiendo de él en lugar de las alternativas que el mundo ofrece.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the cup of grace that God has set before me and what I have found there is not what I deserved but what I needed and the distance between those two things is the entire gospel.	He bebido de la copa de la gracia que Dios ha puesto ante mí y lo que he encontrado allí no es lo que merecía sino lo que necesitaba y la distancia entre esas dos cosas es todo el evangelio.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the well of your family's faith and are now the generation that decides whether that well is passed on or abandoned and the weight of the decision is one that previous generations also faced and that the faithfulness of your ancestors resolved in your favor.	Has bebido del pozo de la fe de tu familia y ahora eres la generación que decide si ese pozo se transmite o se abandona y el peso de la decisión es uno que las generaciones anteriores también enfrentaron y que la fidelidad de tus antepasados resolvió a tu favor.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from every spring the tradition offers and found each one genuine in its own way and is now learning to help others find the spring that is most suited to the specific shape of their thirst which is the work of spiritual direction in any form.	Ha bebido de cada manantial que ofrece la tradición y encontrado cada uno genuino a su manera y ahora está aprendiendo a ayudar a otros a encontrar el manantial más adecuado a la forma específica de su sed lo cual es el trabajo de la dirección espiritual en cualquier forma.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of the Lord's prayer every day for forty years and the discipline has formed him in ways that are visible to everyone who knows him even if he cannot always identify the specific ways the practice is responsible for who he has become.	Ha bebido de la copa de la oración del Señor cada día durante cuarenta años y la disciplina lo ha formado de maneras que son visibles para todos los que lo conocen incluso si no siempre puede identificar las formas específicas en que la práctica es responsable de quien se ha convertido.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk from the same cup in many countries and many languages and what is the same in every country and every language is the cup and what the cup means and the community that has gathered around it across every difference the world has used to divide it.	Hemos bebido de la misma copa en muchos países y muchos idiomas y lo que es lo mismo en cada país y cada idioma es la copa y lo que la copa significa y la comunidad que se ha reunido alrededor de ella a través de cada diferencia que el mundo ha usado para dividirla.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the river that flows from the presence of God and what makes the river different from every other river is that the drinking from it produces more thirst rather than less because the satisfaction of genuine encounter with God always deepens the desire for more rather than closing it.	Han bebido del río que fluye de la presencia de Dios y lo que hace al río diferente de cada otro río es que beber de él produce más sed en lugar de menos porque la satisfacción del encuentro genuino con Dios siempre profundiza el deseo de más en lugar de cerrarlo.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk the water of the places I have lived and the places I have passed through and the water of each place has carried in it something of the place that has made me more textured as a person than a person who has only ever drunk from one source.	He bebido el agua de los lugares donde he vivido y los lugares por los que he pasado y el agua de cada lugar ha llevado en ella algo del lugar que me ha hecho más complejo como persona que una persona que solo ha bebido alguna vez de una fuente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the spring of forgiveness and know what it is to have your past received rather than rejected and the knowing of that is what makes you capable of offering to others the same reception that you have received.	Has bebido del manantial del perdón y sabes lo que es tener tu pasado recibido en lugar de rechazado y el saber de eso es lo que te hace capaz de ofrecer a otros la misma recepción que has recibido.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk deeply of the friendship this community has offered and what she has found in it has addressed a loneliness she did not know she was carrying because the loneliness was so old that it had come to feel like the natural condition of personhood rather than a deficit that community was designed to correct.	Ha bebido profundamente de la amistad que esta comunidad ha ofrecido y lo que ha encontrado en ella ha abordado una soledad que no sabía que llevaba porque la soledad era tan antigua que había llegado a sentirse como la condición natural de la personalidad en lugar de un déficit que la comunidad fue diseñada para corregir.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of praise and thanksgiving and what the drinking produces in him is not pride in his own piety but wonder at the God who receives his stumbling praise with the same generosity that God receives everything offered to him by the creatures he has made.	Ha bebido de la copa de la alabanza y la acción de gracias y lo que beber produce en él no es orgullo por su propia piedad sino asombro ante el Dios que recibe su alabanza tambaleante con la misma generosidad con que Dios recibe todo lo que le ofrecen las criaturas que ha hecho.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk from the fountain of the Word and been changed and have given to others what we received from the fountain and been changed again by the giving because both the receiving and the giving of the Word produce the same formation in the one who does both faithfully.	Hemos bebido de la fuente de la Palabra y hemos sido cambiados y hemos dado a otros lo que recibimos de la fuente y hemos sido cambiados de nuevo por el dar porque tanto el recibir como el dar de la Palabra producen la misma formación en el que hace ambos fielmente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the common cup at the shared table and found in the sharing of the cup the kind of equality that the world's tables rarely offer and that the Lord's table insists upon as one of its defining characteristics.	Han bebido de la copa común en la mesa compartida y encontrado en el compartir de la copa el tipo de igualdad que las mesas del mundo raramente ofrecen y que la mesa del Señor insiste en como una de sus características definitorias.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk the water of this region and my body carries the minerals of this place in it and in a very literal sense I am made of this ground and belong to it in ways that my individual will never fully determines.	He bebido el agua de esta región y mi cuerpo lleva los minerales de este lugar en él y en un sentido muy literal estoy hecho de esta tierra y le pertenezco de maneras que mi voluntad individual nunca determina completamente.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the cup of the covenant and are now bound by what the cup represents and the binding is not a restriction on your freedom but the frame within which your freedom becomes capable of its best expression.	Has bebido de la copa del pacto y ahora estás atado por lo que la copa representa y el vínculo no es una restricción de tu libertad sino el marco dentro del cual tu libertad se vuelve capaz de su mejor expresión.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the broth of suffering and the bread of provision and in both has found the God who is present in every form of experience that honest human life requires anyone to pass through.	Ha bebido del caldo del sufrimiento y el pan de la provisión y en ambos ha encontrado al Dios que está presente en cada forma de experiencia que la vida humana honesta requiere que cualquiera atraviese.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the well of the psalms every morning for twenty years and the depth of the well is the same at the end of the twenty years as it was at the beginning because the psalms are not a finite resource but a window through which the infinite is always available to anyone who looks.	Ha bebido del pozo de los salmos cada mañana durante veinte años y la profundidad del pozo es la misma al final de los veinte años que al comienzo porque los salmos no son un recurso finito sino una ventana a través de la cual lo infinito siempre está disponible para cualquiera que mire.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk together through every season of this friendship and what the seasons have produced in us is not boredom but depth because depth is what happens when people stay long enough to move past the surface and into the actual substance of who they are.	Hemos bebido juntos a través de cada temporada de esta amistad y lo que las temporadas han producido en nosotros no es aburrimiento sino profundidad porque la profundidad es lo que ocurre cuando las personas se quedan lo suficiente como para pasar más allá de la superficie y adentrarse en la sustancia real de quiénes son.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the spring of service and been nourished by the giving in a way that surprised all of them because the theology had promised that giving produces its own nourishment but the promise remained abstract until the moment they actually gave and found out from the inside that the promise was true.	Han bebido del manantial del servicio y han sido nutridos por el dar de una manera que los sorprendió a todos porque la teología había prometido que el dar produce su propia nutrición pero la promesa permaneció abstracta hasta el momento en que realmente dieron y descubrieron desde adentro que la promesa era verdadera.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from every well the world offered before I finally came to the well that Jesus offered and I arrived there thirsty despite all the other drinking I had done and the thirst was the most honest thing about me at that moment.	Había bebido de cada pozo que el mundo ofreció antes de llegar finalmente al pozo que Jesús ofreció y llegué allí sediento a pesar de toda la otra bebida que había hecho y la sed era lo más honesto sobre mí en ese momento.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the cup of grace before you understood what grace meant and looking back you can see how the grace was working in you even in the years when you did not have the name for what was happening.	Habías bebido de la copa de la gracia antes de entender lo que significaba la gracia y mirando hacia atrás puedes ver cómo la gracia estaba trabajando en ti incluso en los años en que no tenías el nombre para lo que estaba ocurriendo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk deeply from the tradition before she began questioning it and the depth of her drinking is what gave her questioning its quality — a person who drinks shallowly asks different questions than a person who has drunk to the bottom.	Había bebido profundamente de la tradición antes de comenzar a cuestionarla y la profundidad de su beber es lo que le dio a su cuestionamiento su calidad — una persona que bebe superficialmente hace preguntas diferentes a las de una persona que ha bebido hasta el fondo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the cup of the covenant and begun to understand what covenant meant only when the covenant was tested and what he had received in the cup was exactly what sustained him when the testing came.	Había bebido de la copa del pacto y comenzado a entender lo que significaba el pacto solo cuando el pacto fue probado y lo que había recibido en la copa era exactamente lo que lo sostuvo cuando llegó la prueba.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together every Sunday for three years before the Sunday came when we understood that what we had been doing together was not a habit but a formation and that the three years of doing it faithfully had produced something in each of us that we had not planned or predicted.	Habíamos bebido juntos cada domingo durante tres años antes de que llegara el domingo en que entendimos que lo que habíamos estado haciendo juntos no era un hábito sino una formación y que los tres años de hacerlo fielmente habían producido algo en cada uno de nosotros que no habíamos planeado ni predicho.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the same source for generations before the source was polluted and the pollution of the source was a spiritual parable as well as a physical fact — what sustained life required protection and the protection required the attention of people who cared.	Habían bebido de la misma fuente durante generaciones antes de que la fuente fuera contaminada y la contaminación de la fuente era una parábola espiritual además de un hecho físico — lo que sostenía la vida requería protección y la protección requería la atención de personas que se preocupaban.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk the communion cup a hundred times before the morning when I finally received it the way it was always meant to be received and the hundred times before were not wasted because they were the preparation for the moment when the form and the substance finally met.	Había bebido la copa de la comunión cien veces antes de la mañana en que finalmente la recibí de la manera en que siempre debía recibirse y las cien veces anteriores no fueron desperdiciadas porque fueron la preparación para el momento en que la forma y la sustancia finalmente se encontraron.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the well of prayer for years without the sense of being heard before the day when the silence broke in a way that was unmistakable and the years of praying into silence were what made the breaking of the silence recognizable as the answer it was.	Habías bebido del pozo de la oración durante años sin el sentido de ser escuchado antes del día en que el silencio se rompió de una manera que era inconfundible y los años de orar en el silencio eran lo que hacía que la ruptura del silencio fuera reconocible como la respuesta que era.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the river of her mother's faith without fully knowing it and when her mother was gone the faith she had absorbed without noticing was one of the most substantial things her mother had given her and one of the things she was most grateful to have received.	Había bebido del río de la fe de su madre sin saberlo completamente y cuando su madre se fue la fe que había absorbido sin darse cuenta era una de las cosas más sustanciales que su madre le había dado y una de las cosas por las que más agradecida estaba de haber recibido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk the water of the old well all his life and thought it normal until he traveled and tasted different water and came home understanding for the first time what the particular water of his particular place had tasted like in a way that familiarity had always prevented.	Había bebido el agua del pozo viejo toda su vida y lo pensó normal hasta que viajó y probó agua diferente y volvió a casa entendiendo por primera vez cómo había sabido el agua particular de su lugar particular de una manera que la familiaridad siempre había impedido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together through the crisis before we understood what the crisis was doing to us and looking back we can see that the sharing of the cup during the crisis was one of the things that kept us from being destroyed by the crisis separately.	Habíamos bebido juntos a través de la crisis antes de entender lo que la crisis nos estaba haciendo y mirando hacia atrás podemos ver que compartir la copa durante la crisis fue una de las cosas que nos impidió ser destruidos por la crisis por separado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the spring at the center of the village for so many generations that the spring had become invisible to them as a gift and had come to seem like a feature of the landscape rather than a provision that required attention and gratitude.	Habían bebido del manantial en el centro del pueblo durante tantas generaciones que el manantial se había vuelto invisible para ellos como regalo y había llegado a parecerse a una característica del paisaje en lugar de una provisión que requería atención y gratitud.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the cup of resentment for years before I understood that drinking from it was poisoning me rather than the person I resented and the discovery that resentment is a cup that harms the one who holds it is one of the most practically important things the gospel teaches about human psychology.	Había bebido de la copa del resentimiento durante años antes de entender que beberla me estaba envenenando a mí en lugar de a la persona a la que resentía y el descubrimiento de que el resentimiento es una copa que daña al que la sostiene es una de las cosas prácticamente más importantes que el evangelio enseña sobre la psicología humana.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the spring of Scripture in the morning before the difficult meeting and what you had received in the morning was what sustained you in the meeting in a way that prepared you would not have been able to explain if asked because the preparation had happened below the level of conscious strategy.	Habías bebido del manantial de las Escrituras en la mañana antes de la reunión difícil y lo que habías recibido en la mañana era lo que te sostuvo en la reunión de una manera que si te hubieran preguntado no habrías podido explicar porque la preparación había ocurrido por debajo del nivel de la estrategia consciente.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk the broth that the women of the congregation made for her and the nourishment she received from it included not only the broth itself but the care that had organized the bringing of it and the faithfulness that had sustained the care over the weeks it had continued.	Había bebido el caldo que las mujeres de la congregación le hicieron y la nutrición que recibió de él incluía no solo el caldo mismo sino el cuidado que había organizado el traerlo y la fidelidad que había sostenido el cuidado durante las semanas que había continuado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the well of the wisdom of the ages before he attempted the task and what he found in the well informed the attempt in ways that he would not have been able to specify because wisdom absorbed through reading and reflection operates below the threshold of what can be consciously articulated.	Había bebido del pozo de la sabiduría de las edades antes de intentar la tarea y lo que encontró en el pozo informó el intento de maneras que no habría podido especificar porque la sabiduría absorbida a través de la lectura y la reflexión opera por debajo del umbral de lo que puede articularse conscientemente.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the cup of mutual forbearance for so many years that the forbearance had become the invisible structure within which everything else in our friendship was held and we only noticed its importance when a situation arose that tested whether we actually had what we thought we had.	Habíamos bebido de la copa de la tolerancia mutua durante tantos años que la tolerancia se había convertido en la estructura invisible dentro de la cual se sostenía todo lo demás en nuestra amistad y solo notamos su importancia cuando surgió una situación que puso a prueba si realmente teníamos lo que pensábamos que teníamos.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the stream of the community's shared life for years before the community faced its first real test and what they had accumulated in those years of ordinary sharing became the reserve they drew from when the test required resources they had not known they would need.	Habían bebido del arroyo de la vida compartida de la comunidad durante años antes de que la comunidad enfrentara su primera prueba real y lo que habían acumulado en esos años de compartir ordinario se convirtió en la reserva de la que sacaron cuando la prueba requirió recursos que no habían sabido que necesitarían.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the spring of worship in the morning and carried what I received there through an afternoon that would have been dry without it and the morning drinking was the provision that made the afternoon possible.	Había bebido del manantial de la adoración en la mañana y llevé lo que recibí allí a través de una tarde que habría sido seca sin él y la bebida de la mañana fue la provisión que hizo posible la tarde.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the well of your community's wisdom before you made the decision that turned out to be the right one and the wisdom you had received at the well was what you drew from when the decision was before you even though you could not have named the sources as you drew.	Habías bebido del pozo de la sabiduría de tu comunidad antes de tomar la decisión que resultó ser la correcta y la sabiduría que habías recibido en el pozo era de lo que sacabas cuando la decisión estaba ante ti aunque no podrías haber nombrado las fuentes mientras lo hacías.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the cup of the Lord's Supper every Sunday for sixty years before she died and what had accumulated in her over those sixty years of faithful receiving was visible to everyone who sat with her in the last weeks of her life.	Había bebido de la copa de la Cena del Señor cada domingo durante sesenta años antes de morir y lo que se había acumulado en ella durante esos sesenta años de recibir fielmente era visible para todos los que se sentaron con ella en las últimas semanas de su vida.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the bitter cup of disappointment and not turned away from the One who held the cup and the faithfulness of staying at the table even when the table offered something bitter is the faithfulness that the season was designed to test.	Había bebido de la copa amarga de la decepción y no se había alejado del que sostenía la copa y la fidelidad de quedarse en la mesa incluso cuando la mesa ofrecía algo amargo es la fidelidad que la temporada fue diseñada para probar.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together at the well of the community's prayer for so long that we had become the kind of people whose prayer drew from a depth that years of praying together had dug and the depth was not our achievement but the gift of having stayed together long enough to receive it.	Habíamos bebido juntos en el pozo de la oración de la comunidad durante tanto tiempo que nos habíamos convertido en el tipo de personas cuya oración sacaba de una profundidad que años de orar juntos habían excavado y la profundidad no era nuestro logro sino el regalo de habernos quedado juntos el tiempo suficiente para recibirla.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the provision of the mission before they understood the mission well enough to describe it and the drinking preceded the understanding because formation always precedes articulation in the spiritual life and the practice forms what only later becomes capable of being named.	Habían bebido de la provisión de la misión antes de entender la misión lo suficiente como para describirla y la bebida precedió al entendimiento porque la formación siempre precede a la articulación en la vida espiritual y la práctica forma lo que solo más tarde se vuelve capaz de ser nombrado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk of the living water and was still drinking and had come to understand that the drinking was not a single event of conversion but a lifelong practice of return to the same source and that the return was always also a homecoming.	Había bebido del agua viva y todavía estaba bebiendo y había llegado a entender que el beber no era un solo evento de conversión sino una práctica de toda la vida de regreso a la misma fuente y que el regreso era siempre también un retorno al hogar.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk the tea that your hosts prepared for you before you understood enough of the culture to know how much effort had gone into the preparation and when you understood later you were grateful for the grace with which you had received it even without understanding.	Habías bebido el té que tus anfitriones te prepararon antes de entender suficiente de la cultura para saber cuánto esfuerzo había ido a la preparación y cuando entendiste después estabas agradecido por la gracia con la que lo habías recibido incluso sin entender.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the cup of the faithful for twenty years when the year came that tested whether the faith was hers or only borrowed and the test revealed that what she had received at the table had become genuinely her own.	Había bebido de la copa de los fieles durante veinte años cuando llegó el año que probó si la fe era suya o solo prestada y la prueba reveló que lo que había recibido en la mesa se había convertido genuinamente en suyo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the stream of the world's pleasures until the stream ran dry and came to the well of the kingdom thirsty and found there what the stream had been promising to give him all along but had never delivered.	Había bebido del arroyo de los placeres del mundo hasta que el arroyo se secó y llegó al pozo del reino sediento y encontró allí lo que el arroyo le había estado prometiendo dar todo el tiempo pero que nunca había entregado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the fountain of the city's life for a generation before we understood that the city needed us as much as we needed it and that the mutual dependence of community and people is one of the things that makes both the community and its people more fully themselves.	Habíamos bebido de la fuente de la vida de la ciudad durante una generación antes de entender que la ciudad nos necesitaba tanto como nosotros la necesitábamos y que la dependencia mutua de la comunidad y las personas es una de las cosas que hace que tanto la comunidad como sus personas sean más completamente ellas mismas.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the cup of God's goodness through a season of extraordinary abundance and entered the season of difficulty without the gratitude and the memory of the abundance that would have sustained them through the difficulty with much greater grace.	Habían bebido de la copa de la bondad de Dios a través de una temporada de abundancia extraordinaria y habían entrado en la temporada de dificultad sin la gratitud y el recuerdo de la abundancia que los habría sostenido a través de la dificultad con mucha mayor gracia.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the well of the community before the community was taken from me and the loss of the community taught me what the drinking had given me in ways that I could not have known while I was still drinking because you do not know the weight of water until you are carrying the empty vessel.	Había bebido del pozo de la comunidad antes de que la comunidad me fuera arrebatada y la pérdida de la comunidad me enseñó lo que el beber me había dado de maneras que no podría haber sabido mientras todavía estaba bebiendo porque no conoces el peso del agua hasta que llevas el recipiente vacío.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk deeply of the tradition and found in it a stability that your generation's restlessness had not been able to provide and the discovery that the old ways had in them something the new ways lacked was one of the most formative realizations of your early adult life.	Habías bebido profundamente de la tradición y encontrado en ella una estabilidad que la inquietud de tu generación no había podido proporcionar y el descubrimiento de que las antiguas maneras tenían en ellas algo que las nuevas maneras carecían fue una de las realizaciones más formativas de tu vida adulta temprana.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the spring of Scripture in the morning before the conversation and what she had received in the morning was what made the conversation possible in the afternoon because the morning drinking had given her both the content and the posture that the conversation required.	Había bebido del manantial de las Escrituras en la mañana antes de la conversación y lo que había recibido en la mañana era lo que hizo posible la conversación en la tarde porque la bebida de la mañana le había dado tanto el contenido como la postura que la conversación requería.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk the cup of bitterness that his father had drunk before him and then made the decision to stop drinking from it and the decision to stop was the hardest thing he had done and also the most liberating because the cup of bitterness poisons every other cup while you are holding it.	Había bebido la copa de la amargura que su padre había bebido antes que él y luego tomó la decisión de dejar de beberla y la decisión de dejar fue la cosa más difícil que había hecho y también la más liberadora porque la copa de la amargura envenena cada otra copa mientras la sostienes.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the river of each other's friendship for so many years that the drinking had become as natural as breathing and as invisible as the air and the invisibility of what we had built together was the measure of how thoroughly it had become part of who we were.	Habíamos bebido del río de la amistad mutua durante tantos años que el beber se había vuelto tan natural como respirar y tan invisible como el aire y la invisibilidad de lo que habíamos construido juntos era la medida de cuán completamente había llegado a ser parte de quiénes éramos.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the same spring as the prophets and the apostles without recognizing the continuity and when they finally recognized it they understood that they were not a new thing but a continuation of the oldest thing and that the oldest thing was still alive and they were evidence of it.	Habían bebido del mismo manantial que los profetas y los apóstoles sin reconocer la continuidad y cuando finalmente la reconocieron entendieron que no eran algo nuevo sino una continuación de la cosa más antigua y que la cosa más antigua todavía estaba viva y ellos eran evidencia de ello.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the cup of the kingdom's values before I had a name for the kingdom and looking back I can see that the unnamed grace was doing its work in me before I was able to receive it consciously and that the work begun unconsciously was the preparation for the conscious receiving.	Había bebido de la copa de los valores del reino antes de tener un nombre para el reino y mirando hacia atrás puedo ver que la gracia sin nombre estaba haciendo su trabajo en mí antes de que pudiera recibirla conscientemente y que el trabajo comenzado inconscientemente fue la preparación para el recibir consciente.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the cup of the Lord's Table for years before you sat at a table in a distant country and saw the same cup and understood in your bones rather than in your head that you were part of a community that transcended every geography and language you had ever called your own.	Habías bebido de la copa de la Mesa del Señor durante años antes de sentarte en una mesa en un país lejano y ver la misma copa y entender en tus huesos en lugar de en tu cabeza que eras parte de una comunidad que trascendía cada geografía y lenguaje que alguna vez habías llamado tuyo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the stream of wisdom that the older women of the congregation carried and what she absorbed from them in those years of proximity became the foundation of everything she built later when she was the one being looked to for the same kind of wisdom.	Había bebido del arroyo de sabiduría que las mujeres mayores de la congregación llevaban y lo que absorbió de ellas en esos años de proximidad se convirtió en la fundación de todo lo que construyó después cuando ella era la que era buscada para el mismo tipo de sabiduría.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the cup of forgiveness and freedom and known them both before the test came that required him to extend what he had received to someone who had not earned it and the test revealed that he had not yet received the forgiveness as deeply as he thought.	Había bebido de la copa del perdón y la libertad y conocido ambos antes de que llegara la prueba que le requirió extender lo que había recibido a alguien que no lo había ganado y la prueba reveló que todavía no había recibido el perdón tan profundamente como pensaba.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the river of shared ministry for a decade before we arrived at the realization that what we had built together was more than the sum of what any of us would have built separately and that the more was not our achievement but the gift of the Spirit's multiplication of faithful human effort.	Habíamos bebido del río del ministerio compartido durante una década antes de llegar a la realización de que lo que habíamos construido juntos era más que la suma de lo que cualquiera de nosotros habría construido por separado y que el más no era nuestro logro sino el regalo de la multiplicación del Espíritu del esfuerzo humano fiel.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the well that their ancestors had dug and maintained it and passed it on to their children and the chain of care across generations is one of the clearest pictures available in physical reality of the spiritual chain of faith that sustains the community of God's people across time.	Habían bebido del pozo que sus antepasados habían excavado y lo habían mantenido y transmitido a sus hijos y la cadena de cuidado a través de las generaciones es una de las imágenes más claras disponibles en la realidad física de la cadena espiritual de la fe que sostiene a la comunidad del pueblo de Dios a través del tiempo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the cup that the congregation shared each Sunday for years before the Sunday arrived when my own child took the cup and shared it beside me and the moment when the generation you raised joins you at the table is among the most wordless mercies available to any parent.	Había bebido de la copa que la congregación compartía cada domingo durante años antes de que llegara el domingo en que mi propio hijo tomó la copa y la compartió a mi lado y el momento en que la generación que criaste se une a ti en la mesa está entre las misericordias más mudas disponibles para cualquier padre.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the cup of the community's love for so long that it had become the air you breathed and the loss of it when you moved away was the most concrete evidence you ever received of how much you had been receiving without being fully aware of the receiving.	Habías bebido de la copa del amor de la comunidad durante tanto tiempo que se había convertido en el aire que respirabas y la pérdida de ello cuando te mudaste fue la evidencia más concreta que recibiste alguna vez de cuánto habías estado recibiendo sin ser completamente consciente del recibir.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the fountain of prayer and found it adequate to every drought she had faced and now she offered to others what she had received — not a formula or a technique but a testimony of the water's reliability across every season the testimony-giver had lived through.	Había bebido de la fuente de la oración y la encontró adecuada para cada sequía que había enfrentado y ahora ofrecía a otros lo que había recibido — no una fórmula o una técnica sino un testimonio de la confiabilidad del agua a través de cada temporada que el dador del testimonio había vivido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the cup of the new covenant every Sunday for thirty years and when he finally stood in Jerusalem and held the cup he could only weep because the cup was the same cup and the story behind the cup was the same story and he was part of it in a way that geography could only deepen and not create.	Había bebido de la copa del nuevo pacto cada domingo durante treinta años y cuando finalmente estuvo en Jerusalén y sostuvo la copa solo pudo llorar porque la copa era la misma copa y la historia detrás de la copa era la misma historia y él era parte de ella de una manera que la geografía solo podía profundizar y no crear.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the stream of each other's lives and been nourished by one another across the distance and the years and when we were finally in the same place again the cup we shared tasted like everything we had accumulated in the years apart and were only now able to give each other in person.	Habíamos bebido del arroyo de las vidas de los demás y sido nutridos mutuamente a través de la distancia y los años y cuando finalmente estuvimos en el mismo lugar de nuevo la copa que compartimos sabía a todo lo que habíamos acumulado en los años separados y que solo ahora podíamos darnos en persona.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from every alternative before the day when they came to the table of the Lord and found there the thing that none of the alternatives had been able to offer — a love that received them as they were and not as they had managed to present themselves to be.	Habían bebido de cada alternativa antes del día en que llegaron a la mesa del Señor y encontraron allí la cosa que ninguna de las alternativas había podido ofrecer — un amor que los recibía como eran y no como habían logrado presentarse ser.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the cup of peace that passes understanding and have found it to be exactly what the promise claimed — a peace that does not depend on the circumstances around it and therefore is not destroyed by them.	He bebido de la copa de la paz que sobrepasa el entendimiento y la he encontrado ser exactamente lo que la promesa reclamaba — una paz que no depende de las circunstancias alrededor de ella y por lo tanto no es destruida por ellas.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk of the same cup as the great cloud of witnesses who have gone before you and the knowledge that you drink in their company and in the company of everyone who will drink after you changes the solitude of the practice into a participation in a much larger gathering.	Has bebido de la misma copa que la gran nube de testigos que han ido antes que tú y el conocimiento de que bebes en su compañía y en la compañía de todos los que beberán después de ti cambia la soledad de la práctica en una participación en una reunión mucho más grande.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk from the cup of the Lord's mercy and the mercy has not run out and she has been drinking for forty years and the cup is no less full than it was on the first day and the inexhaustibility of the mercy is the thing that keeps her returning to the cup.	Ha bebido de la copa de la misericordia del Señor y la misericordia no se ha agotado y ha estado bebiendo durante cuarenta años y la copa no está menos llena que el primer día y la inagotabilidad de la misericordia es la cosa que la mantiene volviendo a la copa.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the spring of community that this congregation provides and what he has found there has addressed a loneliness that three years of geographic mobility had produced and that the specific, embodied, present community of a local church has been the one thing capable of addressing.	Ha bebido del manantial de comunidad que esta congregación proporciona y lo que ha encontrado allí ha abordado una soledad que tres años de movilidad geográfica habían producido y que la comunidad específica, encarnada, presente de una iglesia local ha sido la única cosa capaz de abordar.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk from the river of God's goodness and given thanks and given the thanksgiving back to God and the circulation of goodness from God to us and from us back to God is the basic rhythm of the life of gratitude that the scriptures commend as the appropriate response to what we have been given.	Hemos bebido del río de la bondad de Dios y dado gracias y devuelto la acción de gracias a Dios y la circulación de la bondad de Dios a nosotros y de nosotros de vuelta a Dios es el ritmo básico de la vida de gratitud que las Escrituras recomiendan como la respuesta apropiada a lo que nos ha sido dado.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk from the cup of belonging that Christ offers at his table and what the belonging has produced in them is a rootedness that they carry now into every other context of their lives because belonging to the body of Christ is not a localized thing but a portable one.	Han bebido de la copa de pertenencia que Cristo ofrece en su mesa y lo que la pertenencia ha producido en ellos es un arraigo que ahora llevan a cada otro contexto de sus vidas porque pertenecer al cuerpo de Cristo no es algo localizado sino algo portátil.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk from the cup of prayer so often that it has become the first thing I reach for when difficulty arises and the fact that prayer is now my first instinct rather than my last resort is itself the evidence that the years of practicing it have changed me in the direction the practice was designed to produce.	He bebido de la copa de la oración tan a menudo que se ha convertido en lo primero que alcanzo cuando surge la dificultad y el hecho de que la oración sea ahora mi primer instinto en lugar de mi último recurso es en sí mismo la evidencia de que los años de practicarla me han cambiado en la dirección que la práctica fue diseñada para producir.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk from the well of Scripture and the tradition and the community and the practice and what you have found in the drinking is that each of the wells offers something the others do not and that the fullest provision comes from drinking from all of them.	Has bebido del pozo de las Escrituras y la tradición y la comunidad y la práctica y lo que has encontrado en el beber es que cada uno de los pozos ofrece algo que los otros no ofrecen y que la provisión más completa viene de beber de todos ellos.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	She has drunk the cup of the covenant and is learning to live as someone who is bound by what the cup represents and the learning is not a burden but a liberation because the covenant frees her from the smaller story she would have told about herself if she had been left to her own devices.	Ha bebido la copa del pacto y está aprendiendo a vivir como alguien que está atada por lo que la copa representa y el aprendizaje no es una carga sino una liberación porque el pacto la libera de la historia más pequeña que habría contado sobre sí misma si la hubieran dejado a sus propios medios.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	He has drunk from the cup of the kingdom's joy and found it to be different in kind from the joy the world offers — not louder but deeper and not more comfortable but more durable and not more impressive but more true.	Ha bebido de la copa del gozo del reino y encontrado que es diferente en tipo del gozo que el mundo ofrece — no más ruidoso sino más profundo y no más cómodo sino más duradero y no más impresionante sino más verdadero.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	We have drunk from the same stream of the Spirit's work that has sustained the church across every century and our drinking from it now is continuous with the drinking of every faithful community that has preceded us and our faithfulness now is the stream that will sustain those who come after.	Hemos bebido del mismo arroyo del trabajo del Espíritu que ha sostenido a la iglesia a través de cada siglo y nuestro beber de él ahora es continuo con el beber de cada comunidad fiel que nos ha precedido y nuestra fidelidad ahora es el arroyo que sostendrá a los que vengan después.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	They have drunk of the grace that the table offers and been changed by it and the change is visible to anyone who has known them long enough to see the difference between who they were before they came to the table and who they have become through the years of coming.	Han bebido de la gracia que la mesa ofrece y han sido cambiados por ella y el cambio es visible para cualquiera que los haya conocido lo suficiente como para ver la diferencia entre quiénes eran antes de llegar a la mesa y quiénes se han convertido a través de los años de venir.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	I have drunk the water of this life with gratitude for its ordinary days and with trust in the God who holds the extraordinary ones and the combination of gratitude and trust is the posture that the spiritual life is always trying to form in me through every cup it offers.	He bebido el agua de esta vida con gratitud por sus días ordinarios y con confianza en el Dios que sostiene los extraordinarios y la combinación de gratitud y confianza es la postura que la vida espiritual siempre está tratando de formar en mí a través de cada copa que ofrece.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Perfect	You have drunk deeply of the friendship that God has given you in this season and the depth of the drinking is the measure of the depth of the friendship and the friendship is one of the specific, irreplaceable gifts that this season of your life has given you and that you will carry as treasure into every season that follows.	Has bebido profundamente de la amistad que Dios te ha dado en esta temporada y la profundidad del beber es la medida de la profundidad de la amistad y la amistad es uno de los regalos específicos e irremplazables que esta temporada de tu vida te ha dado y que llevarás como tesoro a cada temporada que siga.	Beber Present Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the well of forgiveness that Christ offered and begun to understand what forgiveness meant by receiving it before I understood what I was receiving because grace always arrives before the theology that makes sense of it.	Había bebido del pozo del perdón que Cristo ofreció y comenzado a entender lo que significaba el perdón al recibirlo antes de entender lo que estaba recibiendo porque la gracia siempre llega antes que la teología que le da sentido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the spring of the local church's life for years before the year when the church faced its crisis and what you had stored in those years of ordinary drinking was the resource that sustained you and the community through the crisis.	Habías bebido del manantial de la vida de la iglesia local durante años antes del año en que la iglesia enfrentó su crisis y lo que habías almacenado en esos años de bebida ordinaria fue el recurso que te sostuvo a ti y a la comunidad durante la crisis.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk the water of the land where she was raised and carried its taste in her memory and when she returned after many years the taste of the water was the most specific signal to her body that she was home.	Había bebido el agua de la tierra donde fue criada y llevaba su sabor en su memoria y cuando regresó después de muchos años el sabor del agua fue la señal más específica para su cuerpo de que estaba en casa.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the cup of the community's shared prayer for so many years that his prayer had been shaped by the community's prayer without his awareness and the shaping was the gift of the community to his private life that he only recognized when he tried to pray alone in a new city and heard the community's voice in his own.	Había bebido de la copa de la oración compartida de la comunidad durante tantos años que su oración había sido moldeada por la oración de la comunidad sin que se diera cuenta y el moldeado fue el regalo de la comunidad a su vida privada que solo reconoció cuando trató de orar solo en una nueva ciudad y escuchó la voz de la comunidad en la suya.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the same table for fifteen years and what we had built in fifteen years of showing up together was not spectacular but durable and the durability of the ordinary was one of the things we had needed to learn and that the ordinary table had taught us.	Habíamos bebido de la misma mesa durante quince años y lo que habíamos construido en quince años de aparecer juntos no era espectacular sino duradero y la durabilidad de lo ordinario era una de las cosas que habíamos necesitado aprender y que la mesa ordinaria nos había enseñado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk of the love of God mediated through the hands of the community and the love they had received had made them capable of offering love in the same mediated way to the next generation of people who arrived in need of exactly what had been given to them.	Habían bebido del amor de Dios mediado a través de las manos de la comunidad y el amor que habían recibido los había hecho capaces de ofrecer amor de la misma manera mediada a la próxima generación de personas que llegaron en necesidad de exactamente lo que se les había dado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the cup of the kingdom's hope before I had the language of the kingdom and when I learned the language I recognized what I had been drinking all along and the recognition was a homecoming in the most precise possible sense.	Había bebido de la copa de la esperanza del reino antes de tener el lenguaje del reino y cuando aprendí el lenguaje reconocí lo que había estado bebiendo todo el tiempo y el reconocimiento fue un regreso al hogar en el sentido más preciso posible.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk deeply of the contemplative tradition before the day when you realized that what you had been practicing in the mornings was not a religious exercise but a conversation and that the conversation had been two-sided all along even when you had only been aware of your own side of it.	Habías bebido profundamente de la tradición contemplativa antes del día en que te diste cuenta de que lo que habías estado practicando en las mañanas no era un ejercicio religioso sino una conversación y que la conversación había sido de dos lados todo el tiempo incluso cuando solo habías sido consciente de tu propio lado de ella.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the fountain of the Word and made it her daily practice and when the drought came — the season of dryness that every honest person of faith eventually faces — the practice sustained her through the dryness in a way that intermittent drinking never could have.	Había bebido de la fuente de la Palabra y lo había hecho su práctica diaria y cuando llegó la sequía — la temporada de sequedad que toda persona honesta de fe eventualmente enfrenta — la práctica la sostuvo a través de la sequedad de una manera que el beber intermitente nunca podría haberlo hecho.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the well of the community's wisdom before he faced the decision that would shape the rest of his life and what he had stored from the well was the only thing adequate to the weight of the decision that awaited him.	Había bebido del pozo de la sabiduría de la comunidad antes de enfrentar la decisión que daría forma al resto de su vida y lo que había almacenado del pozo fue lo único adecuado al peso de la decisión que lo aguardaba.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together at the table of the Lord and been formed by the table and went out from the table into the world as people who carried the table's values even in the places where no table was visible because the table had been internalized through years of faithful return.	Habíamos bebido juntos en la mesa del Señor y sido formados por la mesa y salimos de la mesa al mundo como personas que llevaban los valores de la mesa incluso en los lugares donde no había mesa visible porque la mesa había sido internalizada a través de años de regreso fiel.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the spring of God's provision through the lean years and what the lean years had produced in them was not bitterness but a depth of trust in the provider that the abundant years had not been able to produce because trust is formed in exactly the conditions where it is most needed.	Habían bebido del manantial de la provisión de Dios a través de los años magros y lo que los años magros habían producido en ellos no era amargura sino una profundidad de confianza en el proveedor que los años abundantes no habían podido producir porque la confianza se forma exactamente en las condiciones donde es más necesaria.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from every cup the world had offered and found in none of them what I was actually thirsty for and came to the table of the Lord already knowing what thirst that was not satisfied felt like and therefore capable of recognizing the satisfaction when it was finally offered.	Había bebido de cada copa que el mundo había ofrecido y en ninguna de ellas encontré lo que realmente tenía sed y llegué a la mesa del Señor ya sabiendo cómo se sentía la sed que no era satisfecha y por lo tanto capaz de reconocer la satisfacción cuando finalmente fue ofrecida.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the cup of praise in the gathered community and carried home something that the private prayer had not produced and the something was the gift of the gathered body that no private practice can replicate because it is specifically a gift of the community and not of the individual.	Habías bebido de la copa de la alabanza en la comunidad reunida y llevado a casa algo que la oración privada no había producido y lo algo fue el regalo del cuerpo reunido que ninguna práctica privada puede replicar porque es específicamente un regalo de la comunidad y no del individuo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the cup of the covenant at her confirmation and the day of her confirmation had felt more significant to her body than to her mind and her body had been right because what was happening at the table was a physical act that produced physical effects even when the mind had not yet caught up.	Había bebido de la copa del pacto en su confirmación y el día de su confirmación le había parecido más significativo a su cuerpo que a su mente y su cuerpo había tenido razón porque lo que ocurría en la mesa era un acto físico que producía efectos físicos incluso cuando la mente todavía no había alcanzado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the well of the church's tradition and found it surprisingly deep once he stopped resisting the drinking and began attending to what the tradition actually contained rather than what he had assumed it contained from the outside.	Había bebido del pozo de la tradición de la iglesia y lo encontró sorprendentemente profundo una vez que dejó de resistir el beber y comenzó a atender lo que la tradición realmente contenía en lugar de lo que había asumido que contenía desde afuera.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together through more than the calendar would suggest because the time spent at a shared table is not equivalent to the time spent in proximity and the shared table accelerates the formation of friendship in ways that proximity alone cannot achieve.	Habíamos bebido juntos más de lo que el calendario sugeriría porque el tiempo pasado en una mesa compartida no es equivalente al tiempo pasado en proximidad y la mesa compartida acelera la formación de la amistad de maneras que la proximidad sola no puede lograr.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the spring of each other's faith in the years when both were dry and the mutual sustaining of people who are both in need is one of the ways the body of Christ functions that no organizational chart of the church can capture.	Habían bebido del manantial de la fe de los demás en los años cuando ambos estaban secos y el sostenimiento mutuo de personas que ambas están en necesidad es una de las formas en que funciona el cuerpo de Cristo que ningún organigrama de la iglesia puede capturar.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the cup of God's promise and the promise had not yet been fulfilled and I was learning in the space between the drinking and the fulfillment that the drinking was the act of trust that made the waiting possible and that the waiting was not a passive thing but an active participation in the patience of God.	Había bebido de la copa de la promesa de Dios y la promesa todavía no había sido cumplida y estaba aprendiendo en el espacio entre el beber y el cumplimiento que el beber era el acto de confianza que hacía posible el esperar y que el esperar no era una cosa pasiva sino una participación activa en la paciencia de Dios.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the river of worship for years and the years had produced in you a thirst for more rather than satiation and the productive nature of the thirst — the way that drinking from certain springs increases rather than decreases the desire for them — is one of the most reliable evidences of their divine origin.	Habías bebido del río de la adoración durante años y los años habían producido en ti una sed de más en lugar de saciedad y la naturaleza productiva de la sed — la forma en que beber de ciertos manantiales aumenta en lugar de disminuir el deseo de ellos — es una de las evidencias más confiables de su origen divino.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the cup of grief and found that the cup did not destroy her as she had feared it would but that at the very bottom of it there was a different kind of sweetness — not the sweetness of resolution but the sweetness of a presence that had been with her in the grief and had not left.	Había bebido de la copa del duelo y encontrado que la copa no la destruyó como había temido que lo haría sino que en el fondo mismo de ella había un tipo diferente de dulzura — no la dulzura de la resolución sino la dulzura de una presencia que había estado con ella en el duelo y no se había ido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the spring of God's love every day of his life in ways he had not recognized as divine provision because the ordinary forms of love — a spouse's faithfulness, a friend's presence, a child's trust — had been the specific vessels through which the divine love had arrived.	Había bebido del manantial del amor de Dios cada día de su vida de maneras que no había reconocido como provisión divina porque las formas ordinarias de amor — la fidelidad de un cónyuge, la presencia de un amigo, la confianza de un hijo — habían sido los vasos específicos a través de los cuales había llegado el amor divino.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk from the cup of shared mission and built something together that neither of us could have built alone and the something we built was not a program or an institution but a community and the community was the thing that produced the programs and the institutions that outlasted any specific effort.	Habíamos bebido de la copa de la misión compartida y construido algo juntos que ninguno de nosotros podría haber construido solo y lo que construimos no era un programa o una institución sino una comunidad y la comunidad fue la cosa que produjo los programas y las instituciones que sobrevivieron a cualquier esfuerzo específico.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the river of God's faithfulness through forty years of desert wandering and what the forty years in the desert had produced was not bitterness but the specific knowledge of provision in scarcity that only the desert can teach and that the promised land would require them to remember.	Habían bebido del río de la fidelidad de Dios a través de cuarenta años de vagar por el desierto y lo que los cuarenta años en el desierto habían producido no era amargura sino el conocimiento específico de la provisión en escasez que solo el desierto puede enseñar y que la tierra prometida les requeriría recordar.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the well of the psalms so many times that when I came to my own suffering I found that the psalms already had a language for it and I did not need to invent a way to bring my suffering to God because the psalms had already brought exactly this kind of suffering to God before me.	Había bebido del pozo de los salmos tantas veces que cuando llegué a mi propio sufrimiento encontré que los salmos ya tenían un lenguaje para él y no necesitaba inventar una manera de llevar mi sufrimiento a Dios porque los salmos ya habían llevado exactamente este tipo de sufrimiento a Dios antes que yo.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk from the cup of the community's acceptance and begun to understand that the acceptance was not conditional on your performance and the understanding of unconditional acceptance is one of the most profoundly disorienting and then reorienting experiences available to a person who has never received it.	Habías bebido de la copa de la aceptación de la comunidad y comenzado a entender que la aceptación no estaba condicionada a tu desempeño y el entendimiento de la aceptación incondicional es una de las experiencias más profundamente desorientadoras y luego reorientadoras disponibles para una persona que nunca la ha recibido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the spring of Scripture and prayer and community and service for so long that the springs had together formed a way of moving through the world that was recognizable to everyone who knew her as something that had come from a source outside herself.	Había bebido del manantial de las Escrituras y la oración y la comunidad y el servicio durante tanto tiempo que los manantiales juntos habían formado una manera de moverse por el mundo que era reconocible para todos los que la conocían como algo que había venido de una fuente fuera de ella misma.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the cup of suffering alongside the people he served and the shared drinking of the bitter cup had produced a solidarity between them that no amount of professional competence or organizational efficiency could have created.	Había bebido de la copa del sufrimiento junto a las personas a las que servía y el compartir del beber de la copa amarga había producido una solidaridad entre ellos que ninguna cantidad de competencia profesional o eficiencia organizacional podría haber creado.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	We had drunk together from the well of the Scriptures every week for years and the years of weekly drinking had changed each of us in ways that we could not have predicted because formation does not announce itself in advance but makes itself known in retrospect when you look back and see who you have become.	Habíamos bebido juntos del pozo de las Escrituras cada semana durante años y los años de bebida semanal había cambiado a cada uno de nosotros de maneras que no podríamos haber predicho porque la formación no se anuncia de antemano sino que se da a conocer en retrospectiva cuando miras hacia atrás y ves en quién te has convertido.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	They had drunk from the cup of the Lord at their wedding and that cup had become the symbol of their covenant and every year on their anniversary they received it again as the renewal of the covenant that the years and the difficulty and the ordinary grace of their life together had not broken.	Habían bebido de la copa del Señor en su boda y esa copa se había convertido en el símbolo de su pacto y cada año en su aniversario la recibían de nuevo como la renovación del pacto que los años y la dificultad y la gracia ordinaria de su vida juntos no habían roto.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	I had drunk from the stream of music and found in it a form of nourishment that words alone could not provide because music addresses something in the human person that is below language and that responds to beauty in the same way the body responds to water — as if it were made for it.	Había bebido del arroyo de la música y encontrado en él una forma de nutrición que las palabras solas no podían proporcionar porque la música aborda algo en la persona humana que está por debajo del lenguaje y que responde a la belleza de la misma manera que el cuerpo responde al agua — como si hubiera sido hecho para ello.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	You had drunk deeply of the tradition and given it back to your children in a form they could receive and the transmission of the faith across the generation gap is one of the most challenging and most important forms of faithfulness available to any parent in any age.	Habías bebido profundamente de la tradición y se la habías dado de vuelta a tus hijos en una forma que podían recibir y la transmisión de la fe a través de la brecha generacional es una de las formas de fidelidad más desafiantes y más importantes disponibles para cualquier padre en cualquier época.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	She had drunk from the well of the contemplative practice her director had recommended and found in the practice a silence that was not empty but full — full of a presence that the noise of her ordinary life had been covering and that the practice of silence made finally audible.	Había bebido del pozo de la práctica contemplativa que su directora había recomendado y encontrado en la práctica un silencio que no era vacío sino lleno — lleno de una presencia que el ruido de su vida ordinaria había estado cubriendo y que la práctica del silencio finalmente hacía audible.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Past::Perfect	He had drunk from the cup of community life and service and Scripture and prayer for thirty years and when people asked him what had formed him he could not identify a single thing but could only say that all of it together had done what none of it alone could have done.	Había bebido de la copa de la vida comunitaria y el servicio y las Escrituras y la oración durante treinta años y cuando las personas le preguntaban qué lo había formado no podía identificar una sola cosa sino solo decir que todo ello junto había hecho lo que ninguna sola cosa podría haber hecho.	Beber Past Perfect
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that you drink enough water during the fast day so that your body can endure the fast without the fast becoming an occasion for harming the body that God gave you to be the vehicle of the faithfulness the fast is designed to deepen.	Es importante que bebas suficiente agua durante el día de ayuno para que tu cuerpo pueda soportar el ayuno sin que el ayuno se convierta en una ocasión para dañar el cuerpo que Dios te dio para ser el vehículo de la fidelidad que el ayuno está diseñado para profundizar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God desires that we drink from the spring of living water that Christ offers rather than from the broken cisterns that the world offers because the cisterns cannot hold what the spring provides freely and without limit to anyone who comes to it.	Dios desea que bebamos del manantial del agua viva que Cristo ofrece en lugar de las cisternas rotas que el mundo ofrece porque las cisternas no pueden contener lo que el manantial provee libremente y sin límite a cualquiera que venga a él.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The pastor encourages that each person drink from the table of the Lord with a full awareness of what they are receiving rather than receiving it mechanically because formation requires attention and the table forms most completely those who attend most fully to what is being offered.	El pastor anima a que cada persona beba de la mesa del Señor con plena conciencia de lo que está recibiendo en lugar de recibirlo mecánicamente porque la formación requiere atención y la mesa forma más completamente a los que atienden más plenamente a lo que se está ofreciendo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that she drinks from the well of the tradition before she dismisses it because a person who has not drunk deeply from a thing is not yet in a position to judge whether it contains anything worth drinking and the dismissal of what has not been tasted is always premature.	Espero que beba del pozo de la tradición antes de descartarla porque una persona que no ha bebido profundamente de una cosa todavía no está en posición de juzgar si contiene algo que valga la pena beber y el descarte de lo que no ha sido probado es siempre prematuro.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It matters that the whole family drink together at the table because the shared act of eating and drinking is one of the primary ways families communicate what they believe about themselves and about the world and about what they owe each other.	Importa que toda la familia beba juntos en la mesa porque el acto compartido de comer y beber es una de las formas principales en que las familias comunican lo que creen sobre sí mismas y sobre el mundo y sobre lo que se deben mutuamente.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The doctor recommends that he drink more water throughout the day because the symptoms he is experiencing are consistent with chronic dehydration and the simple remedy available to him is closer than the complex ones he has been seeking.	El médico recomienda que beba más agua durante el día porque los síntomas que está experimentando son consistentes con la deshidratación crónica y el remedio simple disponible para él está más cerca que los complejos que ha estado buscando.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that we drink from the cup of humility regularly because pride is a thirst that disguises itself as hydration and leaves a person more parched than before the drinking even as it convinces them they have received exactly what they needed.	Es necesario que bebamos de la copa de la humildad regularmente porque el orgullo es una sed que se disfraza de hidratación y deja a una persona más sedienta que antes de beber incluso mientras la convence de que ha recibido exactamente lo que necesitaba.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The elder suggests that everyone drink from the same cup at the fellowship meal as a symbol of the unity that Christ has established between very different people and that the cup is capable of declaring more clearly than any speech about the nature of that unity.	El anciano sugiere que todos beban de la misma copa en la comida de comunión como símbolo de la unidad que Cristo ha establecido entre personas muy diferentes y que la copa es capaz de declarar más claramente que cualquier discurso sobre la naturaleza de esa unidad.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that my children drink from the spring of faith before the springs the world offers seduce them with the appearance of satisfaction that the world's springs promise but never deliver.	Oro para que mis hijos beban del manantial de la fe antes de que los manantiales que el mundo ofrece los seduzcan con la apariencia de satisfacción que los manantiales del mundo prometen pero nunca entregan.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is good that she drinks from the well of Scripture daily because the daily drinking does something to a person over years that the occasional reading cannot do and the difference between those who have drunk daily and those who have drunk occasionally is visible in them in exactly the ways you would expect.	Es bueno que beba del pozo de las Escrituras diariamente porque el beber diario le hace algo a una persona a lo largo de los años que la lectura ocasional no puede hacer y la diferencia entre los que han bebido diariamente y los que han bebido ocasionalmente es visible en ellos exactamente de las maneras que esperarías.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The community asks that each member drink from the shared cup rather than the individual cups as a sign of their commitment to the equality and mutuality that the table is designed to enact rather than merely to represent.	La comunidad pide que cada miembro beba de la copa compartida en lugar de las tazas individuales como señal de su compromiso con la igualdad y la mutualidad que la mesa está diseñada para promulgar en lugar de meramente representar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is essential that we drink together before the journey begins because the shared cup before the departure is the blessing of the one who sends and the community of the ones being sent and the beginning of the journey in the presence of both belongs to the oldest traditions of sending people into the world.	Es esencial que bebamos juntos antes de que comience el viaje porque la copa compartida antes de la partida es la bendición del que envía y la comunidad de los que son enviados y el comienzo del viaje en la presencia de ambos pertenece a las tradiciones más antiguas de enviar personas al mundo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The counselor recommends that her patient drink more water and sleep more before they make any major decisions because the clarity that good rest and adequate hydration provide is one of the most underrated preconditions for wise discernment in any domain.	El consejero recomienda que su paciente beba más agua y duerma más antes de tomar ninguna decisión importante porque la claridad que proporcionan el buen descanso y la hidratación adecuada es una de las condiciones previas más subestimadas para el discernimiento sabio en cualquier dominio.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that we drink together at this table for many more years because what we have built around this table is among the most valuable things either of us has built and the value of what is built around shared tables is not always recognized until the table is gone.	Espero que bebamos juntos en esta mesa durante muchos más años porque lo que hemos construido alrededor de esta mesa está entre las cosas más valiosas que cualquiera de nosotros ha construido y el valor de lo que se construye alrededor de mesas compartidas no siempre se reconoce hasta que la mesa desaparece.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is right that the stranger drink first before the host because the hospitality of the kingdom reverses the ordinary order of things and gives the best to the one who arrived with nothing rather than to the one who came with the most.	Es correcto que el extraño beba primero antes que el anfitrión porque la hospitalidad del reino invierte el orden ordinario de las cosas y da lo mejor al que llegó sin nada en lugar de al que llegó con más.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God has commanded that the people drink of the new covenant and in drinking be reminded that the covenant was not made at their initiative but at his and that everything they bring to the table is a response to what he brought first.	Dios ha mandado que el pueblo beba del nuevo pacto y al beber sea recordado que el pacto no fue hecho a su iniciativa sino a la de él y que todo lo que traen a la mesa es una respuesta a lo que él trajo primero.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The church teaches that believers drink from the table of the Lord and from the table of the community and that the two tables are not separate but expressions of the same covenant hospitality that God has extended to all who come.	La iglesia enseña que los creyentes beban de la mesa del Señor y de la mesa de la comunidad y que las dos mesas no son separadas sino expresiones de la misma hospitalidad del pacto que Dios ha extendido a todos los que vienen.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I desire that my friend drink from the spring of peace that God provides because the anxiety that has characterized my friend's life for years is not the life that the spring provides and I have seen enough of both to know the difference between them.	Deseo que mi amigo beba del manantial de la paz que Dios provee porque la ansiedad que ha caracterizado la vida de mi amigo durante años no es la vida que el manantial provee y he visto suficiente de ambas para saber la diferencia entre ellas.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is vital that the congregation drink from the table of the Lord rather than from the table of division because the two tables are always in competition and a community that feeds at the table of division while claiming to receive from the table of the Lord is deceiving itself about what it is actually consuming.	Es vital que la congregación beba de la mesa del Señor en lugar de la mesa de la división porque las dos mesas siempre están en competencia y una comunidad que se alimenta en la mesa de la división mientras afirma recibir de la mesa del Señor se está engañando a sí misma sobre lo que realmente está consumiendo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The parents hope that their children drink from the well of Scripture and prayer and community rather than from the empty springs the culture offers because the difference between what the culture offers and what the kingdom offers is the difference between what satisfies and what only appears to.	Los padres esperan que sus hijos beban del pozo de las Escrituras y la oración y la comunidad en lugar de los manantiales vacíos que la cultura ofrece porque la diferencia entre lo que la cultura ofrece y lo que el reino ofrece es la diferencia entre lo que satisface y lo que solo parece hacerlo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is wonderful that she drinks from the fountain of praise every morning before the day begins because what she receives at that fountain every morning is what she gives to the people around her all day and the people around her can tell the difference between the mornings when she has drunk there and the mornings when she has not.	Es maravilloso que beba de la fuente de la alabanza cada mañana antes de que comience el día porque lo que recibe en esa fuente cada mañana es lo que da a las personas a su alrededor todo el día y las personas a su alrededor pueden notar la diferencia entre las mañanas en que ha bebido allí y las mañanas en que no lo ha hecho.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The community requests that we drink together before the service begins as a sign of our shared life outside the formal liturgy because the table that exists before and after the worship service is as important to the health of the community as the table at the center of the service.	La comunidad pide que bebamos juntos antes de que comience el servicio como señal de nuestra vida compartida fuera de la liturgia formal porque la mesa que existe antes y después del servicio de adoración es tan importante para la salud de la comunidad como la mesa en el centro del servicio.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is fitting that we drink at the celebration of the new believer's baptism because the life that has begun in the water of baptism is a life that will be sustained at the table of the Lord and the celebration of the beginning points toward the sustaining practice that will carry the begun life forward.	Es apropiado que bebamos en la celebración del bautismo del nuevo creyente porque la vida que ha comenzado en el agua del bautismo es una vida que será sostenida en la mesa del Señor y la celebración del comienzo apunta hacia la práctica sostenedora que llevará la vida comenzada hacia adelante.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that he drinks from the source of joy rather than the source of distraction because the two sources look similar from the outside but produce very different people over time and the difference is most visible in the people who have been drinking from one or the other for thirty years.	Espero que beba de la fuente del gozo en lugar de la fuente de la distracción porque las dos fuentes parecen similares desde afuera pero producen personas muy diferentes con el tiempo y la diferencia es más visible en las personas que han estado bebiendo de una u otra durante treinta años.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that the missionary drink from the well of prayer more deeply in this season than in previous seasons because the work of this season requires more than the previous seasons required and the depth of provision must match the depth of need.	Es necesario que el misionero beba del pozo de la oración más profundamente en esta temporada que en las temporadas anteriores porque el trabajo de esta temporada requiere más de lo que las temporadas anteriores requerían y la profundidad de la provisión debe coincidir con la profundidad de la necesidad.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God desires that we drink deeply of the peace he offers rather than seeking peace in the shallow sources that the world provides because the peace the world provides is conditional on circumstances that change and the peace God provides is independent of those circumstances.	Dios desea que bebamos profundamente de la paz que ofrece en lugar de buscar la paz en las fuentes superficiales que el mundo proporciona porque la paz que el mundo proporciona está condicionada a circunstancias que cambian y la paz que Dios provee es independiente de esas circunstancias.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The teacher asks that each student drink adequate water during the school day because the research on cognitive function during mild dehydration shows that the body's need for water has direct effects on the mind's capacity for learning and the stewardship of the body is always also the stewardship of the mind.	El maestro pide que cada estudiante beba agua adecuada durante el día escolar porque la investigación sobre la función cognitiva durante la deshidratación leve muestra que la necesidad de agua del cuerpo tiene efectos directos en la capacidad de aprendizaje de la mente y la mayordomía del cuerpo es siempre también la mayordomía de la mente.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is good that she drinks the communion cup with full attention every first Sunday because what she gives her full attention to is what forms her and the formation that happens at the table is cumulative and builds upon itself across every season of consistent return.	Es bueno que beba la copa de la comunión con toda la atención cada primer domingo porque lo que da su atención completa es lo que la forma y la formación que ocurre en la mesa es acumulativa y se construye sobre sí misma a través de cada temporada de regreso consistente.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that the congregation drinks from the table of mutual care and not only from the table of comfortable receiving because a community that only knows how to receive at the table and not how to serve at it has learned only half of what the table is designed to teach.	Oro para que la congregación beba de la mesa del cuidado mutuo y no solo de la mesa del recibir cómodo porque una comunidad que solo sabe recibir en la mesa y no cómo servir en ella ha aprendido solo la mitad de lo que la mesa está diseñada para enseñar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that we drink from the cup of confession before we receive the cup of communion because coming to the table with what is unconfessed is a form of receiving the table's gift without receiving the table's work and the table was designed to do both simultaneously.	Es necesario que bebamos de la copa de la confesión antes de recibir la copa de la comunión porque venir a la mesa con lo que no está confesado es una forma de recibir el regalo de la mesa sin recibir el trabajo de la mesa y la mesa fue diseñada para hacer ambos simultáneamente.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The elder desires that the young people drink from the well of the tradition before they decide what to keep and what to let go because the wisdom of the tradition is not always visible from the outside and a hasty rejection of what has not been tasted is a form of ignorance dressed as discernment.	El anciano desea que los jóvenes beban del pozo de la tradición antes de decidir qué conservar y qué dejar ir porque la sabiduría de la tradición no siempre es visible desde afuera y un rechazo apresurado de lo que no ha sido probado es una forma de ignorancia vestida como discernimiento.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is wonderful that she drinks from the spring of joy that the community's life provides because the joy she brings back from the community changes the quality of every other context she inhabits and the people in those contexts benefit from the joy she has received at the spring without knowing where she found it.	Es maravilloso que beba del manantial del gozo que proporciona la vida de la comunidad porque el gozo que trae de vuelta de la comunidad cambia la calidad de cada otro contexto que habita y las personas en esos contextos se benefician del gozo que ha recibido en el manantial sin saber dónde lo encontró.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God commands that his people drink of the living water and not return to the broken cisterns they had relied on before because the broken cisterns represent the idols that promise what only the living water delivers and the broken cisterns' most dangerous feature is that they look enough like the living water to be mistaken for it.	Dios manda que su pueblo beba del agua viva y no regrese a las cisternas rotas en las que había confiado antes porque las cisternas rotas representan los ídolos que prometen lo que solo el agua viva entrega y la característica más peligrosa de las cisternas rotas es que se parecen suficiente al agua viva como para ser confundidas con ella.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that my neighbor drinks from the cup of community this season rather than remaining isolated because I have seen what isolation does to a person over time and I have seen what community does and the difference is as dramatic as the difference between drought and water.	Espero que mi vecino beba de la copa de la comunidad esta temporada en lugar de permanecer aislado porque he visto lo que el aislamiento le hace a una persona con el tiempo y he visto lo que la comunidad hace y la diferencia es tan dramática como la diferencia entre la sequía y el agua.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that the team drink from the same source of shared vision before the work begins because a team that draws from different visions of the work will produce different products and the coherence that comes from shared drinking is the precondition of the coherence the work requires.	Es importante que el equipo beba de la misma fuente de visión compartida antes de que comience el trabajo porque un equipo que saca de diferentes visiones del trabajo producirá diferentes productos y la coherencia que viene de beber compartido es la condición previa de la coherencia que el trabajo requiere.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The mother asks that the whole family drink together at least once a day because the shared table is the primary institution she has available for the formation of the family and the formation that happens at the table is not primarily about what is taught but about what is practiced together over time.	La madre pide que toda la familia beba juntos al menos una vez al día porque la mesa compartida es la institución primaria que tiene disponible para la formación de la familia y la formación que ocurre en la mesa no es principalmente sobre lo que se enseña sino sobre lo que se practica juntos con el tiempo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is good that we drink from the river of mercy that God has provided and that we drink from it regularly rather than only when we feel we have exhausted the mercy we had previously accumulated because the accumulation model misunderstands the nature of the spring which never diminishes regardless of how much is drawn from it.	Es bueno que bebamos del río de la misericordia que Dios ha provisto y que bebamos de él regularmente en lugar de solo cuando sentimos que hemos agotado la misericordia que habíamos acumulado previamente porque el modelo de acumulación malentiende la naturaleza del manantial que nunca disminuye independientemente de cuánto se saque de él.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I desire that he drink from the well of prayer that has sustained the faithful across the centuries because the specific form of the practice matters less than the faithfulness of the practice and any person who drinks regularly from the well of prayer will be changed by the drinking regardless of the specific form the practice takes.	Deseo que beba del pozo de la oración que ha sostenido a los fieles a través de los siglos porque la forma específica de la práctica importa menos que la fidelidad de la práctica y cualquier persona que beba regularmente del pozo de la oración será cambiada por el beber independientemente de la forma específica que tome la práctica.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is vital that the congregation drink from the well of the Word and not only from the wells of contemporary culture because the well of the Word addresses questions that contemporary culture does not know how to ask and provides for needs that contemporary culture does not know exist.	Es vital que la congregación beba del pozo de la Palabra y no solo de los pozos de la cultura contemporánea porque el pozo de la Palabra aborda preguntas que la cultura contemporánea no sabe cómo hacer y provee para necesidades que la cultura contemporánea no sabe que existen.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The Spirit invites that every thirsty soul drink from the spring that flows from the throne of God and the invitation has no qualification attached to it beyond the thirst itself because the spring was designed for thirsty people and not for people who have managed to convince themselves they are not thirsty.	El Espíritu invita a que toda alma sedienta beba del manantial que fluye del trono de Dios y la invitación no tiene ninguna calificación adjunta más allá de la sed misma porque el manantial fue diseñado para personas sedientas y no para personas que han logrado convencerse de que no tienen sed.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that everyone around this table drinks deeply tonight and receives not only the food and drink but the community that the food and drink make possible because the food and drink are the occasion for the community and the community is the thing the occasion was always pointing toward.	Oro para que todos alrededor de esta mesa beban profundamente esta noche y reciban no solo la comida y la bebida sino la comunidad que la comida y la bebida hacen posible porque la comida y la bebida son la ocasión para la comunidad y la comunidad es la cosa hacia la que la ocasión siempre apuntaba.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that we drink from the cup of the new covenant faithfully and regularly because the faithfulness of the practice is what the practice produces and a community that receives the cup faithfully over decades will be a different community than one that receives it occasionally and with divided attention.	Es necesario que bebamos de la copa del nuevo pacto fielmente y regularmente porque la fidelidad de la práctica es lo que la práctica produce y una comunidad que recibe la copa fielmente durante décadas será una comunidad diferente a la que la recibe ocasionalmente y con atención dividida.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The teacher hopes that each student drinks from the well of wisdom that the great books contain because the wisdom in the great books is cumulative and addresses the same questions that the students are already asking and the encounter of the student's questions with the tradition's answers is one of the most productive conversations available in any education.	El maestro espera que cada estudiante beba del pozo de la sabiduría que contienen los grandes libros porque la sabiduría en los grandes libros es acumulativa y aborda las mismas preguntas que los estudiantes ya están haciendo y el encuentro de las preguntas del estudiante con las respuestas de la tradición es una de las conversaciones más productivas disponibles en cualquier educación.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is good that the family drinks together at the end of the day and reviews the day together because the review is not only a practice of gratitude but a form of shared attention to the life that is being lived together and what is attended to together is what forms the shared identity over time.	Es bueno que la familia beba juntos al final del día y revisen el día juntos porque la revisión no es solo una práctica de gratitud sino una forma de atención compartida a la vida que se está viviendo juntos y lo que se atiende juntos es lo que forma la identidad compartida con el tiempo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God desires that the nations drink from the river of life that flows from the new Jerusalem and the universality of the invitation is one of the most radical features of the gospel — that the spring is not restricted to a particular people or a particular place but flows toward everyone who is thirsty.	Dios desea que las naciones beban del río de la vida que fluye de la nueva Jerusalén y la universalidad de la invitación es una de las características más radicales del evangelio — que el manantial no está restringido a un pueblo particular o un lugar particular sino que fluye hacia todos los que tienen sed.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that she drinks from the cup of God's love until the love fills every room of her interior life that fear has occupied because the occupation of fear and the occupation of love cannot coexist in the same person and love always displaces fear when it is allowed to actually arrive.	Espero que beba de la copa del amor de Dios hasta que el amor llene cada cuarto de su vida interior que el miedo ha ocupado porque la ocupación del miedo y la ocupación del amor no pueden coexistir en la misma persona y el amor siempre desplaza el miedo cuando se le permite realmente llegar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that we drink from the cup of solidarity with the suffering and not only from the cup of comfort because a faith that has only ever drunk from comfort has never been tested in the way that faith must be tested to discover whether it is the real thing or only an arrangement that works when nothing is at stake.	Es importante que bebamos de la copa de la solidaridad con los que sufren y no solo de la copa del consuelo porque una fe que solo ha bebido del consuelo nunca ha sido probada de la manera que la fe debe ser probada para descubrir si es lo real o solo un arreglo que funciona cuando nada está en juego.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The congregation prays that the missionaries drink deeply from the spiritual resources available to them in the field because the work of the field is sustained by what the missionaries carry in their interior life and the interior life is what the practices of prayer and Scripture and community are designed to fill.	La congregación ora para que los misioneros beban profundamente de los recursos espirituales disponibles para ellos en el campo porque el trabajo del campo es sostenido por lo que los misioneros llevan en su vida interior y la vida interior es lo que las prácticas de la oración y las Escrituras y la comunidad están diseñadas para llenar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is right that the host drink last and serve first because the posture of the servant at the table is the posture that Christ modeled and the community that practices that posture at its tables will find that the posture gradually shapes how they inhabit every other context of their lives as well.	Es correcto que el anfitrión beba último y sirva primero porque la postura del siervo en la mesa es la postura que Cristo modeló y la comunidad que practica esa postura en sus mesas encontrará que la postura gradualmente da forma a cómo habitan cada otro contexto de sus vidas también.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that my children drink from the spring of generosity rather than the spring of scarcity because the two springs form different people and the person formed by the spring of scarcity will never have enough while the person formed by the spring of generosity will always find that there is more than enough to share.	Espero que mis hijos beban del manantial de la generosidad en lugar del manantial de la escasez porque los dos manantiales forman personas diferentes y la persona formada por el manantial de la escasez nunca tendrá suficiente mientras que la persona formada por el manantial de la generosidad siempre encontrará que hay más que suficiente para compartir.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that the worship team drink from the same spiritual source before the service because a team that leads worship from the place of their own emptiness can only offer the congregation what they have not received and what they have not received is a gift the congregation deserves better than.	Es necesario que el equipo de adoración beba de la misma fuente espiritual antes del servicio porque un equipo que dirige la adoración desde el lugar de su propio vacío solo puede ofrecer a la congregación lo que no han recibido y lo que no han recibido es un regalo que la congregación merece mejor que eso.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God has arranged that the thirsty drink and the hungry eat because the kingdom of God takes the body's needs as seriously as the soul's needs and a theology that dismisses the body's need for water and food has not understood the Creator of the body who designed those needs into his creation as an expression of the life he intended.	Dios ha dispuesto que los sedientos beban y los hambrientos coman porque el reino de Dios toma las necesidades del cuerpo tan en serio como las necesidades del alma y una teología que desestima la necesidad del cuerpo de agua y alimento no ha entendido al Creador del cuerpo que diseñó esas necesidades en su creación como expresión de la vida que pretendía.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I desire that she drink from the well of Christian community because I believe the community has something to offer her that no other community offers and I want her to discover that from the inside because the discovery from the inside is always more convincing than any recommendation I could make from the outside.	Deseo que beba del pozo de la comunidad cristiana porque creo que la comunidad tiene algo que ofrecerle que ninguna otra comunidad ofrece y quiero que lo descubra desde adentro porque el descubrimiento desde adentro es siempre más convincente que cualquier recomendación que yo pudiera hacer desde afuera.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that we drink from the same source of truth because communities that drink from different sources of truth will eventually find that they cannot share the same table and the sharing of the same table requires a prior sharing of what is considered true about the world.	Es importante que bebamos de la misma fuente de verdad porque las comunidades que beben de diferentes fuentes de verdad eventualmente encontrarán que no pueden compartir la misma mesa y el compartir la misma mesa requiere un compartir previo de lo que se considera verdadero sobre el mundo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The shepherd prays that the flock drink from still waters and not from turbulent ones because the peace that the still waters provide is the peace in which the soul is restored and the soul that has been restored is capable of things the anxious soul has no access to.	El pastor ora para que el rebaño beba de aguas tranquilas y no de aguas turbulentas porque la paz que las aguas tranquilas proveen es la paz en la que el alma es restaurada y el alma que ha sido restaurada es capaz de cosas a las que el alma ansiosa no tiene acceso.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that he drinks from the cup of forgiveness that has been extended to him and stops living as if the forgiveness were not available because the most tragic form of spiritual poverty is to be offered what you most need and to refuse it because you cannot believe the offer is genuine.	Espero que beba de la copa del perdón que le ha sido extendida y deje de vivir como si el perdón no estuviera disponible porque la forma más trágica de pobreza espiritual es que se te ofrezca lo que más necesitas y rechazarlo porque no puedes creer que la oferta sea genuina.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is fitting that the community drink together after the long fast because the feast that follows the fast is the right ending for the fast — the fast was never meant to end in continued abstinence but in the celebration that the discipline of waiting makes possible.	Es apropiado que la comunidad beba juntos después del largo ayuno porque el banquete que sigue al ayuno es el final correcto para el ayuno — el ayuno nunca pretendió terminar en abstinencia continuada sino en la celebración que la disciplina de la espera hace posible.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God desires that all people drink from the river of his love and that none remain standing at the bank because of the false belief that the river is not for them when the river was specifically designed for people who have been told it is not for them and who have believed what they were told.	Dios desea que todas las personas beban del río de su amor y que ninguna permanezca de pie en la orilla debido a la falsa creencia de que el río no es para ellas cuando el río fue específicamente diseñado para personas que se les ha dicho que no es para ellas y que han creído lo que se les dijo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the spring of prayer more regularly my interior life would be more ordered and I know this not from theory but from the comparison of the days when I have drunk there and the days when I have not.	Si bebiera del manantial de la oración más regularmente mi vida interior estaría más ordenada y sé esto no de la teoría sino de la comparación de los días en que he bebido allí y los días en que no lo he hecho.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the cup of the tradition before dismissing it you might find that what you thought was a limitation is actually a resource and that the constraint you have been avoiding contains the freedom you have been seeking in all the wrong places.	Si bebieras de la copa de la tradición antes de descartarla podrías encontrar que lo que pensabas que era una limitación es en realidad un recurso y que la restricción que has estado evitando contiene la libertad que has estado buscando en todos los lugares equivocados.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the well of community instead of from the well of isolation she would discover that what she has been calling independence has actually been loneliness dressed in the language of self-sufficiency and that the community offers what the isolation never can.	Si bebiera del pozo de la comunidad en lugar del pozo del aislamiento descubriría que lo que ha estado llamando independencia en realidad ha sido soledad vestida con el lenguaje de la autosuficiencia y que la comunidad ofrece lo que el aislamiento nunca puede.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank more slowly he would taste more of what he was drinking and in tasting more would be grateful for more and in being grateful for more would find that the provision he received tasted better than the same provision taken quickly and without attention ever had.	Si bebiera más despacio probaría más de lo que estaba bebiendo y al probar más sería más agradecido y al ser más agradecido encontraría que la provisión que recibía sabía mejor que la misma provisión tomada rápidamente y sin atención había sabido alguna vez.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of peace that Christ offers rather than from the cup of anxiety that the news cycle offers we would approach every day differently and the life we would build from that different approach would be more resilient and more joyful than the life that anxiety management produces.	Si bebiéramos de la copa de la paz que Cristo ofrece en lugar de la copa de la ansiedad que ofrece el ciclo de noticias nos aproximaríamos a cada día de manera diferente y la vida que construiríamos desde ese enfoque diferente sería más resiliente y más gozosa que la vida que produce la gestión de la ansiedad.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the well that sustained the community for generations they would find in it something that the wells they have been digging themselves have not been able to produce because the old well was sunk to a depth that new wells rarely achieve on the first digging.	Si bebieran del pozo que sostuvo a la comunidad durante generaciones encontrarían en él algo que los pozos que han estado excavando ellos mismos no han podido producir porque el pozo viejo fue hundido a una profundidad que los nuevos pozos raramente alcanzan en la primera excavación.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	The elder wished that the young people drank from the stream of wisdom that the tradition contained before making the decisions that would shape the next forty years because some of those decisions were exactly the decisions that the tradition had addressed and the tradition's answer was worth knowing before the question arrived.	El anciano deseaba que los jóvenes bebieran del arroyo de sabiduría que contenía la tradición antes de tomar las decisiones que darían forma a los próximos cuarenta años porque algunas de esas decisiones eran exactamente las decisiones que la tradición había abordado y la respuesta de la tradición valía la pena conocer antes de que llegara la pregunta.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of gratitude before the cup of complaint each morning the day would begin differently and the difference in the beginning would compound across the day in ways that the person who has only ever complained cannot imagine.	Si bebiera de la copa de la gratitud antes de la copa de la queja cada mañana el día comenzaría diferente y la diferencia en el comienzo se acumularía a través del día de maneras que la persona que solo ha quejado nunca puede imaginar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the spring of Scripture every morning before the world's noise arrived your mind would be shaped by the Scripture's categories before the day's anxieties could impose their categories and the difference in how you thought about everything would be significant.	Si bebieras del manantial de las Escrituras cada mañana antes de que llegara el ruido del mundo tu mente sería moldeada por las categorías de las Escrituras antes de que las ansiedades del día pudieran imponer las suyas y la diferencia en cómo pensabas sobre todo sería significativa.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the cup of prayer before the difficult conversation the conversation would go differently because she would arrive at it carrying the peace that prayer provides rather than the anxiety that anticipation produces and the peace she carried would be available to both people in the conversation.	Si bebiera de la copa de la oración antes de la conversación difícil la conversación transcurriría diferente porque llegaría a ella llevando la paz que provee la oración en lugar de la ansiedad que produce la anticipación y la paz que llevaba estaría disponible para ambas personas en la conversación.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the well of the community rather than trying to sustain himself in isolation he would discover resources that the isolated life cannot generate because some of the things the community offers are specifically communal goods that no individual spiritual practice can replicate.	Si bebiera del pozo de la comunidad en lugar de tratar de sostenerse en aislamiento descubriría recursos que la vida aislada no puede generar porque algunas de las cosas que la comunidad ofrece son específicamente bienes comunales que ninguna práctica espiritual individual puede replicar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of the covenant with a full understanding of what the covenant means we would live differently because the covenant is not a ceremony we have performed but a reality we inhabit and the inhabiting of the reality changes everything about how we see our obligations and our freedom.	Si bebiéramos de la copa del pacto con plena comprensión de lo que significa el pacto viviríamos diferente porque el pacto no es una ceremonia que hemos realizado sino una realidad que habitamos y el habitar de la realidad cambia todo sobre cómo vemos nuestras obligaciones y nuestra libertad.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the spring of reconciliation rather than the spring of division their community would become something different than what the division has made it and the something different would be more truthful and more beautiful and more capable of the shared life that the spring of reconciliation makes possible.	Si bebieran del manantial de la reconciliación en lugar del manantial de la división su comunidad se convertiría en algo diferente de lo que la división ha hecho de ella y lo algo diferente sería más verdadero y más hermoso y más capaz de la vida compartida que el manantial de la reconciliación hace posible.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that you drank from the cup of rest more freely because the anxiety that prevents you from resting is itself the thing the rest would cure and the irony of anxiety is that it prevents the very practice that would most address it.	Ojalá bebieras de la copa del descanso más libremente porque la ansiedad que te impide descansar es en sí misma la cosa que el descanso curaría y la ironía de la ansiedad es que impide la práctica misma que más la abordaría.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the well of thanksgiving before I approached God with petition my petitions would be placed in their proper relationship to what I have already received and the proper relationship always changes the tone of the asking from demanding to receiving.	Si bebiera del pozo de la acción de gracias antes de acercarme a Dios con petición mis peticiones serían colocadas en su relación apropiada con lo que ya he recibido y la relación apropiada siempre cambia el tono del pedir de exigir a recibir.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the river of joy that the community provides rather than only from the individual wells of private devotion you would discover that the joy the community provides is of a different quality than the joy available in solitude — not better but additional and completing what the solitude offers.	Si bebieras del río del gozo que provee la comunidad en lugar de solo de los pozos individuales de la devoción privada descubrirías que el gozo que la comunidad proporciona es de diferente calidad que el gozo disponible en la soledad — no mejor sino adicional y completando lo que la soledad ofrece.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the cup of the Lord's faithfulness every morning she would begin each day with a truer account of her situation than the anxious account that the morning news provides and the truer account would be the foundation for a truer response to whatever the day offered.	Si bebiera de la copa de la fidelidad del Señor cada mañana comenzaría cada día con un relato más verdadero de su situación que el relato ansioso que proveen las noticias de la mañana y el relato más verdadero sería la fundación para una respuesta más verdadera a cualquier cosa que el día ofreciera.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the spring of the beatitudes he would find that the values they describe are not strategies for appearing virtuous but descriptions of what the person who has drunk from the living water actually looks like in their ordinary life.	Si bebiera del manantial de las bienaventuranzas encontraría que los valores que describen no son estrategias para parecer virtuoso sino descripciones de cómo luce la persona que ha bebido del agua viva en su vida ordinaria.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of the kingdom's vision before we approached our work the work would look different because we would see it in the light of a larger story and the larger story changes the significance of every small act within it.	Si bebiéramos de la copa de la visión del reino antes de abordar nuestro trabajo el trabajo se vería diferente porque lo veríamos a la luz de una historia más grande y la historia más grande cambia la significancia de cada pequeño acto dentro de ella.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the well of Scripture with an expectation of being addressed personally rather than only with an expectation of receiving information they would find the Scriptures doing something in them that the information mode of reading never allows.	Si bebieran del pozo de las Escrituras con una expectativa de ser abordados personalmente en lugar de solo con una expectativa de recibir información encontrarían que las Escrituras hacen algo en ellos que el modo informativo de leer nunca permite.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that she drank more slowly and attended more fully to what she was receiving because the practice of full attention to the gift changes the quality of the gift in a way that has nothing to do with the gift itself and everything to do with the capacity of the receiver.	Ojalá bebiera más despacio y atendiera más plenamente a lo que estaba recibiendo porque la práctica de plena atención al regalo cambia la calidad del regalo de una manera que no tiene nada que ver con el regalo mismo y todo que ver con la capacidad del receptor.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of community as freely as I drink from the cup of solitude I would be more complete because I was made for both and the person who drinks from only one of the two is only partially nourished no matter how deeply they drink from the one they favor.	Si bebiera de la copa de la comunidad tan libremente como bebo de la copa de la soledad sería más completo porque fui hecho para ambas y la persona que bebe de solo una de las dos está solo parcialmente nutrida sin importar cuán profundamente beba de la que prefiere.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the cup of rest before you were depleted you would find that you could serve for longer and with more consistency than if you wait until you are empty to rest because the person who rests before depletion never reaches the kind of emptiness that requires a long recovery.	Si bebieras de la copa del descanso antes de agotarte encontrarías que podrías servir por más tiempo y con más consistencia que si esperas hasta estar vacío para descansar porque la persona que descansa antes del agotamiento nunca llega al tipo de vaciamiento que requiere una recuperación larga.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the spring of forgiveness that God offers she would be freed from the weight of carrying what she has done and the freedom from that weight would make her capable of the kind of love that the weight has been preventing since the day she picked it up and could not put it down.	Si bebiera del manantial del perdón que Dios ofrece sería liberada del peso de llevar lo que ha hecho y la libertad de ese peso la haría capaz del tipo de amor que el peso ha estado previniendo desde el día en que lo recogió y no pudo dejarlo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of the kingdom's generosity he would find that the kingdom's economy operates on principles that the world's economy does not recognize and that in the kingdom's economy the one who gives most freely always seems to receive most abundantly.	Si bebiera de la copa de la generosidad del reino encontraría que la economía del reino opera sobre principios que la economía del mundo no reconoce y que en la economía del reino el que da más libremente siempre parece recibir más abundantemente.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of shared vision before each meeting the meetings would produce more because the shared drinking of the same vision before the work creates the coherence that allows collaboration and collaboration always produces more than the sum of individual efforts.	Si bebiéramos de la copa de la visión compartida antes de cada reunión las reuniones producirían más porque el beber compartido de la misma visión antes del trabajo crea la coherencia que permite la colaboración y la colaboración siempre produce más que la suma de los esfuerzos individuales.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the well of the beatitudes they would discover that the wisdom those eight statements contain is an alternative map of human flourishing that contradicts the world's map at almost every point and that following the alternative map leads somewhere the world's map cannot find.	Si bebieran del pozo de las bienaventuranzas descubrirían que la sabiduría que contienen esas ocho declaraciones es un mapa alternativo del florecimiento humano que contradice el mapa del mundo en casi cada punto y que seguir el mapa alternativo lleva a algún lugar que el mapa del mundo no puede encontrar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that the congregation drank from the cup of radical hospitality as readily as they drink from the cup of comfortable familiarity because the hospitality that extends the table to the stranger is the hospitality that the kingdom practices and the church is most fully itself when it is practicing the kingdom's hospitality.	Ojalá la congregación bebiera de la copa de la hospitalidad radical tan fácilmente como beben de la copa de la familiaridad cómoda porque la hospitalidad que extiende la mesa al extraño es la hospitalidad que practica el reino y la iglesia es más plenamente ella misma cuando está practicando la hospitalidad del reino.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank more deeply from the well of silence I would hear more clearly what is already being spoken in the world and in my own interior and the speaking that silence makes audible is the speaking that the noise of the ordinary day is constantly covering over.	Si bebiera más profundamente del pozo del silencio escucharía más claramente lo que ya se está hablando en el mundo y en mi propio interior y el hablar que el silencio hace audible es el hablar que el ruido del día ordinario está constantemente cubriendo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the cup of the Sabbath rest every week rather than treating it as an option you would discover by the end of a year that the person who has rested weekly is measurably different from the person who never has and that the difference is not only in their energy but in their wisdom and their joy.	Si bebieras de la copa del descanso del Sábado cada semana en lugar de tratarlo como una opción descubrirías al final de un año que la persona que ha descansado semanalmente es mediblemente diferente de la persona que nunca lo ha hecho y que la diferencia no es solo en su energía sino en su sabiduría y su gozo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the cup of the Lord's Table more often she would be formed more quickly because the table is a particularly efficient form of formation and the formation it produces in the person who receives it faithfully accelerates with frequency rather than diminishing with repetition.	Si bebiera de la copa de la Mesa del Señor más a menudo sería formada más rápidamente porque la mesa es una forma de formación particularmente eficiente y la formación que produce en la persona que la recibe fielmente se acelera con la frecuencia en lugar de disminuir con la repetición.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the spring of service freely he would discover the paradox that Christ described when he said that the one who loses their life for his sake finds it and that the giving of oneself in service is not a subtraction from the self but an addition to it.	Si bebiera del manantial del servicio libremente descubriría la paradoja que Cristo describió cuando dijo que el que pierde su vida por su causa la encuentra y que el dar de uno mismo en servicio no es una sustracción del yo sino una adición a él.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of God's abundance rather than from the cup of human scarcity we would make different decisions about what we share and with whom and the decisions made from abundance are always more generous and more accurate than the decisions made from the fear of not having enough.	Si bebiéramos de la copa de la abundancia de Dios en lugar de la copa de la escasez humana tomaríamos decisiones diferentes sobre lo que compartimos y con quién y las decisiones tomadas desde la abundancia son siempre más generosas y más precisas que las decisiones tomadas desde el miedo de no tener suficiente.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the spring of the resurrection hope they would live differently in the present because the resurrection hope does not simply change what a person expects to happen after death but changes how they relate to the losses and the gains of the current life.	Si bebieran del manantial de la esperanza de la resurrección vivirían diferente en el presente porque la esperanza de la resurrección no simplemente cambia lo que una persona espera que ocurra después de la muerte sino que cambia cómo se relacionan con las pérdidas y las ganancias de la vida actual.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that the young person drank from the cup of wisdom before the decision was made because the decision is exactly the kind of decision that wisdom speaks to and the wisdom was available before the decision arrived and the only question was whether there was sufficient humility to drink from it.	Ojalá el joven bebiera de la copa de la sabiduría antes de que se tomara la decisión porque la decisión es exactamente el tipo de decisión a la que la sabiduría habla y la sabiduría estaba disponible antes de que llegara la decisión y la única pregunta era si había suficiente humildad para beber de ella.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of my neighbor's story rather than from the cup of my assumptions about my neighbor I would discover that the person I have been avoiding is not the person they actually are and that the cup of the story is always more nourishing than the cup of the assumption.	Si bebiera de la copa de la historia de mi vecino en lugar de la copa de mis suposiciones sobre mi vecino descubriría que la persona que he estado evitando no es la persona que realmente son y que la copa de la historia es siempre más nutritiva que la copa de la suposición.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the well of lament rather than suppressing the lament the lament would move through you and out rather than remaining in you and growing heavier because the psalms of lament exist to show that grief taken to God is grief that does not have to be carried alone.	Si bebieras del pozo del lamento en lugar de suprimir el lamento el lamento se movería a través de ti y hacia afuera en lugar de permanecer en ti y volverse más pesado porque los salmos de lamento existen para mostrar que el dolor llevado a Dios es dolor que no tiene que ser llevado solo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the cup of the prophets she would find that the prophets were not primarily predictors of the future but interpreters of the present in the light of God's character and that interpretation is as needed in her time as it was in theirs.	Si bebiera de la copa de los profetas encontraría que los profetas no eran principalmente predictores del futuro sino intérpretes del presente a la luz del carácter de Dios y que esa interpretación es tan necesaria en su tiempo como lo era en el de ellos.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of the Sermon on the Mount rather than the cup of conventional wisdom he would find that the Sermon's teaching is not supplementary to ordinary life but a comprehensive alternative account of what life in God's kingdom actually looks like lived from the inside.	Si bebiera de la copa del Sermón del Monte en lugar de la copa de la sabiduría convencional encontraría que la enseñanza del Sermón no es suplementaria a la vida ordinaria sino una alternativa comprensiva de cómo luce la vida en el reino de Dios realmente vivida desde adentro.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank together from the cup of shared mission every week before the work began the work would be done more coherently and with greater shared purpose and the shared purpose is not only more efficient than divided purpose but more faithful to the nature of the One in whose name the work is done.	Si bebiéramos juntos de la copa de la misión compartida cada semana antes de que comenzara el trabajo el trabajo se haría más coherentemente y con mayor propósito compartido y el propósito compartido no es solo más eficiente que el propósito dividido sino más fiel a la naturaleza de Aquel en cuyo nombre se hace el trabajo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the fountain of grace that the church offers they would discover that the grace on offer at the church is not the same as the conditional acceptance that every other institution offers — that the unconditional nature of the grace is the feature that distinguishes it from everything else available to a person in need of it.	Si bebieran de la fuente de la gracia que ofrece la iglesia descubrirían que la gracia que se ofrece en la iglesia no es lo mismo que la aceptación condicional que ofrece cada otra institución — que la naturaleza incondicional de la gracia es la característica que la distingue de todo lo demás disponible para una persona en necesidad de ella.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The family prays that each child drinks from the spring of faith in their own genuine encounter with God rather than only inheriting the form of faith without the substance because the form without the substance is the thing that every generation of parents most fears their children will settle for.	La familia ora para que cada hijo beba del manantial de la fe en su propio encuentro genuino con Dios en lugar de solo heredar la forma de la fe sin la sustancia porque la forma sin la sustancia es la cosa que más teme cada generación de padres que sus hijos se conformen.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is fitting that the whole church drinks from the same cup at the table of the Lord because the sharing of the single cup is among the clearest physical declarations available to any community of what they believe about themselves in relation to each other and to the One who made them one.	Es apropiado que toda la iglesia beba de la misma copa en la mesa del Señor porque el compartir de la copa única está entre las declaraciones físicas más claras disponibles para cualquier comunidad de lo que creen sobre sí mismas en relación el uno al otro y al que los hizo uno.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God desires that the thirsty come and drink without money and without price because the economy of the kingdom does not operate by the logic of the marketplace and what is offered at the spring of life cannot be purchased but only received by the ones who know they need it.	Dios desea que los sedientos vengan y beban sin dinero y sin precio porque la economía del reino no opera por la lógica del mercado y lo que se ofrece en el manantial de la vida no puede comprarse sino solo recibirse por los que saben que lo necesitan.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I desire that we drink together at this table for the rest of our lives because what we have found at this table together is the kind of thing that cannot be replicated at other tables and the irreplaceability of what we have found here is itself the reason to protect and tend it.	Deseo que bebamos juntos en esta mesa por el resto de nuestras vidas porque lo que hemos encontrado en esta mesa juntos es el tipo de cosa que no puede ser replicada en otras mesas y la irreemplazabilidad de lo que hemos encontrado aquí es en sí misma la razón para protegerlo y cuidarlo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that the worship leader drink from the spring of authentic encounter before leading others to that spring because a person who leads from maps without having traveled the territory leads differently than the person who leads from the memory of having actually arrived at the place the map describes.	Es necesario que el líder de adoración beba del manantial del encuentro auténtico antes de guiar a otros a ese manantial porque una persona que guía desde mapas sin haber viajado el territorio guía diferente que la persona que guía desde el recuerdo de haber llegado realmente al lugar que el mapa describe.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The community hopes that each new family drinks from the shared life of the congregation rather than attending as observers because the shared life requires participation and participation requires the willingness to receive as well as to give and both forms of the sharing form the person who practices them.	La comunidad espera que cada nueva familia beba de la vida compartida de la congregación en lugar de asistir como observadores porque la vida compartida requiere participación y la participación requiere la disposición a recibir así como a dar y ambas formas del compartir forman a la persona que las practica.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is good that the congregation drinks from the well of the psalms as part of its worship because the psalms teach the congregation the full range of emotional and spiritual vocabulary that honest faith requires and a congregation that only sings happy songs has not yet learned to pray honestly.	Es bueno que la congregación beba del pozo de los salmos como parte de su adoración porque los salmos enseñan a la congregación el rango completo de vocabulario emocional y espiritual que la fe honesta requiere y una congregación que solo canta canciones felices todavía no ha aprendido a orar honestamente.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that she drinks from the cup of patient hope rather than from the cup of despair because the cup of despair is available to everyone in difficult seasons but the cup of patient hope is what the tradition offers as the better drink and the tradition knows something about difficulty that those in the middle of it cannot yet see.	Espero que beba de la copa de la esperanza paciente en lugar de la copa de la desesperación porque la copa de la desesperación está disponible para todos en temporadas difíciles pero la copa de la esperanza paciente es lo que la tradición ofrece como la mejor bebida y la tradición sabe algo sobre la dificultad que los que están en el medio de ella todavía no pueden ver.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that the traveler drinks enough water during the long journey because the body's needs do not pause during the journey and the stewardship of the body during travel is part of the faithfulness to the purpose of the travel.	Es importante que el viajero beba suficiente agua durante el largo viaje porque las necesidades del cuerpo no se pausan durante el viaje y la mayordomía del cuerpo durante el viaje es parte de la fidelidad al propósito del viaje.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God invites that all who are weary and burdened come to him and drink the rest that he offers because the rest he offers is different in kind from the rest the world offers — the world's rest is the cessation of activity and his rest is a quality of presence that accompanies activity.	Dios invita a que todos los que están cansados y cargados vengan a él y beban el descanso que ofrece porque el descanso que ofrece es diferente en tipo del descanso que el mundo ofrece — el descanso del mundo es el cese de la actividad y su descanso es una calidad de presencia que acompaña a la actividad.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that the young couple drinks from the well of mutual forgiveness throughout their marriage because the long marriage is not one in which forgiveness is unnecessary but one in which forgiveness is necessary repeatedly and the willingness to repeatedly offer and receive forgiveness is the single most important skill a married couple can develop.	Oro para que la joven pareja beba del pozo del perdón mutuo a lo largo de su matrimonio porque el matrimonio largo no es uno en el que el perdón es innecesario sino uno en el que el perdón es necesario repetidamente y la disposición a ofrecer y recibir repetidamente el perdón es la habilidad más importante que una pareja casada puede desarrollar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is vital that we drink from the cup of the Lord's Supper with an awareness of what we are doing because the cup forms those who receive it with attention and the formation happens at the level of attention given and the person who receives the cup carelessly receives less than the person who receives it with their full presence.	Es vital que bebamos de la copa de la Cena del Señor con conciencia de lo que estamos haciendo porque la copa forma a los que la reciben con atención y la formación ocurre en el nivel de atención dada y la persona que recibe la copa descuidadamente recibe menos que la persona que la recibe con toda su presencia.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The Spirit and the Bride say come and drink and the invitation is to everyone who is thirsty and the thirst is the only qualification the invitation names because the spring was designed for the thirsty and the only people who cannot receive what it offers are the ones who have convinced themselves they are not thirsty.	El Espíritu y la Esposa dicen ven y bebe y la invitación es para todos los que tienen sed y la sed es la única calificación que nombra la invitación porque el manantial fue diseñado para los sedientos y las únicas personas que no pueden recibir lo que ofrece son las que se han convencido de que no tienen sed.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that he drinks from the spring of God's kindness toward him because the kindness of God leads to repentance and the repentance that the kindness leads to is a different kind of repentance than the one that fear produces and the difference between them is visible in the life that follows each one.	Espero que beba del manantial de la bondad de Dios hacia él porque la bondad de Dios lleva al arrepentimiento y el arrepentimiento al que la bondad lleva es un tipo diferente de arrepentimiento que el que produce el miedo y la diferencia entre ellos es visible en la vida que sigue a cada uno.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is good that the church drinks from the cup of the world's suffering alongside its own cup of provision because a church that only receives and never enters into the suffering of the world it is called to serve has not yet understood the specific shape of the cup that Christ drank.	Es bueno que la iglesia beba de la copa del sufrimiento del mundo junto a su propia copa de provisión porque una iglesia que solo recibe y nunca entra en el sufrimiento del mundo al que está llamada a servir aún no ha entendido la forma específica de la copa que Cristo bebió.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The mentor recommends that the student drink from the well of practice rather than from the well of theory alone because there are things about the spiritual life that can only be learned by doing and the doing produces in the practitioner a knowledge that the theorist cannot acquire by reading about the practice.	El mentor recomienda que el estudiante beba del pozo de la práctica en lugar del pozo de la teoría sola porque hay cosas sobre la vida espiritual que solo pueden aprenderse haciendo y el hacer produce en el practicante un conocimiento que el teórico no puede adquirir leyendo sobre la práctica.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that the whole congregation drinks from the cup of the Spirit's renewal this season and that the renewal carries with it a fresh understanding of the mission and a fresh energy for the work that the next season of the church's life requires.	Oro para que toda la congregación beba de la copa de la renovación del Espíritu esta temporada y que la renovación lleve consigo un entendimiento fresco de la misión y una energía fresca para el trabajo que requiere la próxima temporada de la vida de la iglesia.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that we drink from the cup of each other's stories because the story that a person tells about their own life is one of the most important things we can receive from another person and the listening that receives the story is among the most significant gifts we can offer.	Es importante que bebamos de la copa de las historias de los demás porque la historia que una persona cuenta sobre su propia vida es una de las cosas más importantes que podemos recibir de otra persona y el escuchar que recibe la historia está entre los regalos más significativos que podemos ofrecer.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God desires that all who come to his feast drink freely without the anxiety that the feast might run out because the feast of the kingdom operates by the logic of abundance rather than scarcity and the abundance is a direct expression of the character of the God who provides it.	Dios desea que todos los que vienen a su banquete beban libremente sin la ansiedad de que el banquete pueda agotarse porque el banquete del reino opera por la lógica de la abundancia en lugar de la escasez y la abundancia es una expresión directa del carácter del Dios que lo provee.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I hope that my friend drinks from the cup of courage that God offers rather than from the cup of fear that the situation offers because fear and courage are both available to anyone in a difficult situation but they produce very different responses and very different people over time.	Espero que mi amigo beba de la copa del coraje que Dios ofrece en lugar de la copa del miedo que la situación ofrece porque el miedo y el coraje están ambos disponibles para cualquiera en una situación difícil pero producen respuestas muy diferentes y personas muy diferentes con el tiempo.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is necessary that the community drink together before the long work begins because the shared drinking is the binding of the team to each other and to the task and the binding that happens over the shared cup is more durable than any organizational structure that might be built in its absence.	Es necesario que la comunidad beba juntos antes de que comience el largo trabajo porque el beber compartido es el vincular del equipo entre sí y con la tarea y el vínculo que ocurre sobre la copa compartida es más duradero que cualquier estructura organizacional que pudiera construirse en su ausencia.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	The community desires that the next generation drink from the spring of faith by their own genuine encounter and not merely by inheriting the rituals of the previous generation because inherited ritual without genuine encounter is the specific form of religious poverty that every revival is sent to address.	La comunidad desea que la próxima generación beba del manantial de la fe por su propio encuentro genuino y no meramente heredando los rituales de la generación anterior porque el ritual heredado sin encuentro genuino es la forma específica de pobreza religiosa que cada avivamiento es enviado a abordar.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is fitting that the community drinks from the cup of celebration when one of their own returns from a long journey because the celebratory cup expresses the truth that the one who was away was held in the community's love while they were gone and that the love they return to is the same love they left.	Es apropiado que la comunidad beba de la copa de la celebración cuando uno de los suyos regresa de un largo viaje porque la copa de celebración expresa la verdad de que el que estaba ausente fue sostenido en el amor de la comunidad mientras estuvo fuera y que el amor al que regresan es el mismo amor que dejaron.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	I pray that she drinks from the spring of God's presence and finds there the specific provision she needs for the specific season she is in because the spring offers different gifts in different seasons and the gift appropriate to this season is available to anyone who comes to it with the particular thirst this season has created.	Oro para que beba del manantial de la presencia de Dios y encuentre allí la provisión específica que necesita para la temporada específica en que está porque el manantial ofrece diferentes regalos en diferentes temporadas y el regalo apropiado para esta temporada está disponible para cualquiera que venga a él con la sed particular que esta temporada ha creado.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	It is vital that the leader drinks from the well of humility before they drink from the well of authority because the authority that is not grounded in humility becomes the kind of authority that damages rather than serves and the well of humility must be visited first and regularly for the leadership to remain faithful to its purpose.	Es vital que el líder beba del pozo de la humildad antes de beber del pozo de la autoridad porque la autoridad que no está fundamentada en la humildad se convierte en el tipo de autoridad que daña en lugar de servir y el pozo de la humildad debe visitarse primero y regularmente para que el liderazgo permanezca fiel a su propósito.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Present::Subjunctive	God has promised that whoever drinks of the water he gives will never thirst again and the promise is not that the drinking will make all other thirst impossible but that it will address the deepest thirst — the thirst of the soul — in a way that no other water can address and that having that thirst addressed changes the whole experience of being thirsty.	Dios ha prometido que cualquiera que beba del agua que él da nunca tendrá sed de nuevo y la promesa no es que el beber hará que toda otra sed sea imposible sino que abordará la sed más profunda — la sed del alma — de una manera que ningún otro agua puede abordar y que tener esa sed abordada cambia toda la experiencia de tener sed.	Beber Present Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of the Lord's Supper with the full weight of what it represents I would be changed by each receiving in a way that requires the practice to be done over and over rather than once — because formation is not instantaneous but cumulative and the table is designed for the cumulative.	Si bebiera de la copa de la Cena del Señor con el peso completo de lo que representa sería cambiado por cada recibimiento de una manera que requiere que la práctica se haga una y otra vez en lugar de una sola vez — porque la formación no es instantánea sino acumulativa y la mesa está diseñada para lo acumulativo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the spring of mercy more often you would become a more merciful person because what you drink from shapes what you become and the person who returns daily to the spring of mercy will be more merciful at the end of the decade than the person who visited it once and thought it sufficient.	Si bebieras del manantial de la misericordia más a menudo te convertirías en una persona más misericordiosa porque de lo que bebes da forma a lo que te conviertes y la persona que regresa diariamente al manantial de la misericordia será más misericordiosa al final de la década que la persona que lo visitó una vez y pensó que era suficiente.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the well of Scripture in the original languages she would find nuances unavailable in translation but I counsel her to drink from the translation first because the water in the translation is real water and the perfect is not the enemy of the good even in the matter of how we read.	Si bebiera del pozo de las Escrituras en los idiomas originales encontraría matices no disponibles en la traducción pero la aconsejo que beba de la traducción primero porque el agua en la traducción es agua real y lo perfecto no es enemigo de lo bueno incluso en la materia de cómo leemos.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of the early church's practice he would find that the early church's practice of meeting daily and sharing meals was not a primitive stage on the way to the contemporary church's form but the form that the Spirit produced when the community was most alive.	Si bebiera de la copa de la práctica de la iglesia primitiva encontraría que la práctica de la iglesia primitiva de reunirse diariamente y compartir comidas no era una etapa primitiva en el camino a la forma de la iglesia contemporánea sino la forma que el Espíritu produjo cuando la comunidad estaba más viva.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of honest lament rather than performing a joy we do not have the community would be more honest and more helpful to the people in it who are suffering and less able to offer the counterfeit comfort that only adds to the suffering of those who are hurting.	Si bebiéramos de la copa del lamento honesto en lugar de performar un gozo que no tenemos la comunidad sería más honesta y más útil para las personas en ella que están sufriendo y menos capaz de ofrecer el consuelo falsificado que solo añade al sufrimiento de los que están sufriendo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the spring of the resurrection rather than the spring of fear their approach to every difficulty would change because the resurrection is not a doctrine about the distant future but a claim about the present power of the God who raised Christ and who is therefore always the strongest thing in any room.	Si bebieran del manantial de la resurrección en lugar del manantial del miedo su acercamiento a cada dificultad cambiaría porque la resurrección no es una doctrina sobre el futuro lejano sino una afirmación sobre el poder presente del Dios que resucitó a Cristo y que es por tanto siempre la cosa más fuerte en cualquier sala.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that the congregation drank more deeply from the cup of the world's suffering before making its plans for mission because the plans made in ignorance of the suffering always aim at the wrong thing and the plans that grow from the intimate knowledge of the suffering are always more useful and more faithful.	Ojalá la congregación bebiera más profundamente de la copa del sufrimiento del mundo antes de hacer sus planes para la misión porque los planes hechos en ignorancia del sufrimiento siempre apuntan a lo equivocado y los planes que crecen del conocimiento íntimo del sufrimiento son siempre más útiles y más fieles.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of the tradition's wisdom about how to form children in faith I would find that the tradition had much more to offer than I expected and that the dismissal of traditional approaches to faith formation has cost my generation something important that it is now working to recover.	Si bebiera de la copa de la sabiduría de la tradición sobre cómo formar a los hijos en la fe encontraría que la tradición tenía mucho más que ofrecer de lo que esperaba y que el descarte de los enfoques tradicionales a la formación de la fe le ha costado a mi generación algo importante que ahora está trabajando para recuperar.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the cup of the Lord's peace before the difficult meeting you would arrive with something to offer the meeting that is not your own competence or your own anxiety but the peace that transcends both of those and is therefore more useful to the meeting than either.	Si bebieras de la copa de la paz del Señor antes de la reunión difícil llegarías con algo que ofrecer a la reunión que no es tu propia competencia ni tu propia ansiedad sino la paz que trasciende ambas y por tanto es más útil para la reunión que cualquiera de las dos.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the spring of worship before she approached her music she would find that the music she made from a worshipping heart was different from the music she made from a technically proficient but spiritually distant one and the difference would be audible to everyone who heard both.	Si bebiera del manantial de la adoración antes de abordar su música encontraría que la música que hacía desde un corazón adorador era diferente de la música que hacía desde uno técnicamente competente pero espiritualmente distante y la diferencia sería audible para todos los que oyeran ambas.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of the Spirit's fruit rather than from the cup of his own effort he would discover that the fruit the Spirit produces is both more abundant and more durable than the fruit that human effort produces because the Spirit's work is rooted in a source that human effort does not have access to.	Si bebiera de la copa del fruto del Espíritu en lugar de la copa de su propio esfuerzo descubriría que el fruto que el Espíritu produce es tanto más abundante como más duradero que el fruto que el esfuerzo humano produce porque el trabajo del Espíritu está arraigado en una fuente a la que el esfuerzo humano no tiene acceso.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of the kingdom's justice rather than the cup of the world's convenience we would make different choices about everything from the food on our tables to the systems we participate in and the different choices would slowly change both us and the world.	Si bebiéramos de la copa de la justicia del reino en lugar de la copa de la conveniencia del mundo tomaríamos decisiones diferentes sobre todo desde la comida en nuestras mesas hasta los sistemas en los que participamos y las decisiones diferentes nos cambiarían lentamente tanto a nosotros como al mundo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the spring of hope that the resurrection provides they would approach their suffering with a different posture because the resurrection does not eliminate suffering but changes the relationship between the sufferer and the suffering in a way that makes the suffering bearable and even productive in ways it could not be otherwise.	Si bebieran del manantial de la esperanza que provee la resurrección se aproximarían a su sufrimiento con una postura diferente porque la resurrección no elimina el sufrimiento sino que cambia la relación entre el que sufre y el sufrimiento de una manera que hace el sufrimiento soportable e incluso productivo de maneras que de otro modo no podría ser.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that my children drank from the spring of gratitude every day so that the gratitude they practice now would become the posture they carry through every season of their lives and the posture of gratitude would shape their response to both the good seasons and the difficult ones.	Ojalá mis hijos bebieran del manantial de la gratitud cada día para que la gratitud que practican ahora se convirtiera en la postura que llevan a través de cada temporada de sus vidas y la postura de la gratitud daría forma a su respuesta tanto a las temporadas buenas como a las difíciles.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the cup of repentance that John the Baptist offered and the cup of the new covenant that Christ offered you would discover that the two cups are not opposed but sequential — the first prepares the vessel and the second fills it with what the first was preparing it to receive.	Si bebieras de la copa del arrepentimiento que ofreció Juan el Bautista y la copa del nuevo pacto que ofreció Cristo descubrirías que las dos copas no se oponen sino que son secuenciales — la primera prepara el recipiente y la segunda lo llena con lo que la primera lo estaba preparando para recibir.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the well of the evening prayer as consistently as she drinks from the well of the morning prayer the two wells together would form in her the kind of person who begins and ends the day in conversation with God rather than in conversation with her anxieties.	Si bebiera del pozo de la oración de la noche tan consistentemente como bebe del pozo de la oración de la mañana los dos pozos juntos formarían en ella el tipo de persona que comienza y termina el día en conversación con Dios en lugar de en conversación con sus ansiedades.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of trust in the middle of the uncertainty rather than waiting for the uncertainty to resolve before trusting he would discover that trust offered in uncertainty is different from trust offered in certainty and that the uncertain trust is the more genuine and more costly of the two.	Si bebiera de la copa de la confianza en el medio de la incertidumbre en lugar de esperar que la incertidumbre se resuelva antes de confiar descubriría que la confianza ofrecida en la incertidumbre es diferente de la confianza ofrecida en la certeza y que la confianza incierta es la más genuina y la más costosa de las dos.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank together from the cup of the community's shared life we would build something that neither of us could build alone and the something we would build would outlast both of us and serve people who do not yet exist as the wells dug by our ancestors serve us.	Si bebiéramos juntos de la copa de la vida compartida de la comunidad construiríamos algo que ninguno de nosotros podría construir solo y lo que construiríamos sobreviviría a ambos y serviría a personas que todavía no existen como los pozos excavados por nuestros antepasados nos sirven a nosotros.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the spring of the body's wisdom rather than only from the spring of the mind's plans they would find that the body often knows things the mind does not and that the wisdom of the body about what it needs is worth attending to rather than overriding in the pursuit of productivity.	Si bebieran del manantial de la sabiduría del cuerpo en lugar de solo del manantial de los planes de la mente encontrarían que el cuerpo a menudo sabe cosas que la mente no sabe y que la sabiduría del cuerpo sobre lo que necesita vale la pena atender en lugar de anular en la búsqueda de la productividad.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that she drank from the cup of God's word to her specifically rather than only from the cup of general theology because the specific word that God addresses to a specific person in a specific season is the specific form of the provision that the general theology points toward.	Ojalá bebiera de la copa de la palabra de Dios para ella específicamente en lugar de solo de la copa de la teología general porque la palabra específica que Dios dirige a una persona específica en una temporada específica es la forma específica de la provisión hacia la que apunta la teología general.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the spring of silence before I spoke the words I spoke would come from a deeper place than the words spoken before the silence and the deeper origin of the words would be audible in the quality of the words themselves to anyone capable of hearing the difference.	Si bebiera del manantial del silencio antes de hablar las palabras que hablara vendrían de un lugar más profundo que las palabras habladas antes del silencio y el origen más profundo de las palabras sería audible en la calidad de las palabras mismas para cualquiera capaz de escuchar la diferencia.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the cup of the Lord's strength rather than relying on your own you would be surprised by what you were capable of because the Lord's strength does not multiply human strength but replaces it with something of a different kind altogether.	Si bebieras de la copa de la fortaleza del Señor en lugar de depender de la tuya propia te sorprenderías de lo que eras capaz porque la fortaleza del Señor no multiplica la fortaleza humana sino que la reemplaza con algo de un tipo completamente diferente.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the spring of the church's unbroken tradition reaching back two thousand years she would find herself in a stream of worship and prayer and service that changed her sense of scale and made her particular moment feel less isolated and more connected to the vast company of those who have done the same things in the same way.	Si bebiera del manantial de la tradición ininterrumpida de la iglesia que se remonta dos mil años atrás se encontraría en un arroyo de adoración y oración y servicio que cambió su sentido de escala y hizo que su momento particular se sintiera menos aislado y más conectado a la vasta compañía de los que han hecho las mismas cosas de la misma manera.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of God's compassion for the city he would see the city differently and seeing it differently would lead to serving it differently and serving it differently would make him a different person than the person he would have been if he had only ever seen the city as an obstacle or an opportunity rather than as an object of God's love.	Si bebiera de la copa de la compasión de Dios por la ciudad vería la ciudad diferente y verla diferente llevaría a servirla diferente y servirla diferente lo haría una persona diferente de la que habría sido si solo hubiera visto la ciudad como un obstáculo o una oportunidad en lugar de como un objeto del amor de Dios.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of God's faithfulness across the generations before we made our plans for the next generation we would plan with greater humility and greater confidence — humility because we are small and confidence because the One who has been faithful to every previous generation will be faithful to the next one too.	Si bebiéramos de la copa de la fidelidad de Dios a través de las generaciones antes de hacer nuestros planes para la próxima generación planificaríamos con mayor humildad y mayor confianza — humildad porque somos pequeños y confianza porque el que ha sido fiel a cada generación anterior será fiel a la siguiente también.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the spring of the ancient prayers that the church has prayed across every century they would discover that the prayers address needs that are not historical but permanent and that the people of every century who have prayed these prayers have been addressing the same depths of the human condition.	Si bebieran del manantial de las oraciones antiguas que la iglesia ha orado a través de cada siglo descubrirían que las oraciones abordan necesidades que no son históricas sino permanentes y que las personas de cada siglo que han orado estas oraciones han estado abordando las mismas profundidades de la condición humana.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that the church drank from the well of the suffering servant rather than the well of the triumphant king as its primary image of faithful ministry because the servant who suffers alongside the people he serves is the more faithful image of Christ than the king who rules from a position of power above them.	Ojalá la iglesia bebiera del pozo del siervo sufriente en lugar del pozo del rey triunfante como su imagen primaria del ministerio fiel porque el siervo que sufre junto a las personas a las que sirve es la imagen más fiel de Cristo que el rey que gobierna desde una posición de poder sobre ellos.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of my neighbor's need before I drank from the cup of my own satisfaction I would discover that the order of the drinking changes both experiences and that the satisfaction that follows service is more satisfying than the satisfaction that precedes it.	Si bebiera de la copa de la necesidad de mi prójimo antes de beber de la copa de mi propia satisfacción descubriría que el orden del beber cambia ambas experiencias y que la satisfacción que sigue al servicio es más satisfactoria que la satisfacción que lo precede.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the well of the cross before you approached the problem of suffering you would find that the cross does not solve the problem of suffering philosophically but addresses it personally — it is not a theory about why suffering exists but the presence of God in the suffering that cannot be separated from the One who went there.	Si bebieras del pozo de la cruz antes de acercarte al problema del sufrimiento encontrarías que la cruz no resuelve el problema del sufrimiento filosóficamente sino que lo aborda personalmente — no es una teoría sobre por qué existe el sufrimiento sino la presencia de Dios en el sufrimiento que no puede separarse del que fue allí.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the spring of God's specific calling for her life rather than from the spring of general religious activity she would find that the specific calling organizes all the general activity into something coherent and that the coherence gives both more meaning and more energy to everything that belongs to it.	Si bebiera del manantial del llamado específico de Dios para su vida en lugar del manantial de la actividad religiosa general encontraría que el llamado específico organiza toda la actividad general en algo coherente y que la coherencia da tanto más significado como más energía a todo lo que le pertenece.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the cup of the church fathers and mothers he would find conversation partners for his current questions who have asked the same questions in different circumstances and who have answers that are worth considering because they have been tested by more time and more difficulty than any contemporary answer has yet been.	Si bebiera de la copa de los padres y madres de la iglesia encontraría compañeros de conversación para sus preguntas actuales que han hecho las mismas preguntas en circunstancias diferentes y que tienen respuestas que vale la pena considerar porque han sido probadas por más tiempo y más dificultad que cualquier respuesta contemporánea todavía no ha sido.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of the Lord's return more regularly as the early church did it would change how we held the present — more loosely and more generously — because the One who is coming makes the things of the present less ultimate and therefore more available to be given away.	Si bebiéramos de la copa del regreso del Señor más regularmente como lo hizo la iglesia primitiva cambiaría cómo sostenemos el presente — más suelto y más generosamente — porque el que viene hace las cosas del presente menos últimas y por tanto más disponibles para ser dadas.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If they drank from the cup of the entire canon rather than from their favorite portions of it they would encounter the God of the full story rather than the God of the portions they prefer and the full story is more difficult and more beautiful and more reliable than any selection of its most comfortable parts.	Si bebieran de la copa del canon completo en lugar de sus porciones favoritas encontrarían al Dios de la historia completa en lugar del Dios de las porciones que prefieren y la historia completa es más difícil y más hermosa y más confiable que cualquier selección de sus partes más cómodas.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I wish that every believer drank from the cup of another tradition before concluding that their own tradition contained everything they needed because the discovery of what other traditions contain often illuminates aspects of one's own tradition that familiarity had obscured.	Ojalá cada creyente bebiera de la copa de otra tradición antes de concluir que su propia tradición contenía todo lo que necesitaban porque el descubrimiento de lo que otras tradiciones contienen a menudo ilumina aspectos de la propia tradición que la familiaridad había oscurecido.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If I drank from the cup of holy longing that the tradition identifies as the beginning of prayer rather than from the cup of duty I would pray more honestly and the more honest prayer would reach further and return fuller than the prayer produced by obligation.	Si bebiera de la copa del anhelo sagrado que la tradición identifica como el comienzo de la oración en lugar de la copa del deber oraría más honestamente y la oración más honesta llegaría más lejos y regresaría más llena que la oración producida por la obligación.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If you drank from the spring of God's specific love for you as an individual rather than only from the spring of God's general love for humanity you would discover that the general love contains the specific and that the specific love is the form in which the general love arrives in any actual human life.	Si bebieras del manantial del amor específico de Dios por ti como individuo en lugar de solo del manantial del amor general de Dios por la humanidad descubrirías que el amor general contiene el específico y que el amor específico es la forma en que el amor general llega a cualquier vida humana real.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If she drank from the cup of the Spirit's leading before making the decision she would find that the leading was available before she made the decision and that the failure to receive the leading was not a failure of the Spirit's availability but a failure of her own attentiveness to what was being offered.	Si bebiera de la copa de la guía del Espíritu antes de tomar la decisión encontraría que la guía estaba disponible antes de que tomara la decisión y que el no recibir la guía no fue un fracaso de la disponibilidad del Espíritu sino un fracaso de su propia atención a lo que se estaba ofreciendo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If he drank from the well of the community's intercession for him he would discover that the prayers of others for him had been reaching places in his life that his own prayers had not reached and that the community's prayer for him had been doing work in him that he had not been able to do for himself.	Si bebiera del pozo de la intercesión de la comunidad por él descubriría que las oraciones de otros por él habían estado llegando a lugares en su vida que sus propias oraciones no habían alcanzado y que la oración de la comunidad por él había estado haciendo trabajo en él que él no había podido hacer por sí mismo.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Beber::Imperfect::Subjunctive	If we drank from the cup of joy in the Lord as our strength rather than from the cup of the circumstances around us as our strength we would be more consistent in our service because the joy of the Lord does not fluctuate with the circumstances in the way that the joy of the circumstances inevitably does.	Si bebiéramos de la copa del gozo en el Señor como nuestra fortaleza en lugar de la copa de las circunstancias alrededor de nosotros como nuestra fortaleza seríamos más consistentes en nuestro servicio porque el gozo del Señor no fluctúa con las circunstancias de la manera en que el gozo de las circunstancias inevitablemente lo hace.	Beber Imperfect Subjunctive
