#separator:tab
#html:true
#notetype column:1
#deck column:2
#front column:3
#back column:4
#tags column:5
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to read the Bible.	Quiero leer la Biblia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to pray with me?	¿Quieres orar conmigo?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to come to Bible study.	Quiere venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to go to church.	Queremos ir a la iglesia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to help at church.	Quieren ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to memorize the Bible verse.	Quiero memorizar el versículo bíblico.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to share the Bible story?	¿Quieres compartir la historia bíblica?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to lead the worship.	Quiere dirigir la adoración.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to pray together.	Queremos orar juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to read the Bible story.	Quieren leer la historia bíblica.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to travel to Mexico.	Quiero viajar a México.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to come to the airport?	¿Quieres venir al aeropuerto?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to book the flight.	Quiere reservar el vuelo.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to rent a car.	Queremos alquilar un carro.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to visit the museum.	Quieren visitar el museo.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to order the soup.	Quiero pedir la sopa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to try the dessert?	¿Quieres probar el postre?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to make a reservation.	Quiere hacer una reservación.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to eat at the restaurant.	Queremos comer en el restaurante.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to try the local food.	Quieren probar la comida local.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to cook rice and beans.	Quiero cocinar arroz y frijoles.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to make the salad?	¿Quieres hacer la ensalada?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to eat breakfast.	Quiere desayunar.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to prepare dinner together.	Queremos preparar la cena juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to bring food to share.	Quieren traer comida para compartir.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to clean the house.	Quiero limpiar la casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to set the table?	¿Quieres poner la mesa?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to water the plants.	Quiere regar las plantas.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to cook at home.	Queremos cocinar en casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to help around the house.	Quieren ayudar en la casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to visit my family.	Quiero visitar a mi familia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to meet my parents?	¿Quieres conocer a mis padres?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to call his grandmother.	Quiere llamar a su abuela.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to celebrate together.	Queremos celebrar juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to spend time with the family.	Quieren pasar tiempo con la familia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to introduce you to my friend.	Quiero presentarte a mi amigo.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to come to the party?	¿Quieres venir a la fiesta?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to invite her friends.	Quiere invitar a sus amigos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to go out together.	Queremos salir juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to visit us on Saturday.	Quieren visitarnos el sábado.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to take the dog to the park.	Quiero llevar al perro al parque.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to feed the cat?	¿Quieres darle de comer al gato?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to give the dog a bath.	Quiere bañar al perro.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to take the dog for a walk.	Queremos sacar al perro a caminar.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to adopt a pet.	Quieren adoptar una mascota.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to study Spanish.	Quiero estudiar español.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to help me with the homework?	¿Quieres ayudarme con la tarea?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to go to the university.	Quiere ir a la universidad.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to study together.	Queremos estudiar juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to learn something new.	Quieren aprender algo nuevo.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to go to the doctor.	Quiero ir al médico.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to make a doctor's appointment?	¿Quieres hacer una cita médica?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to rest at home.	Quiere descansar en casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to exercise together.	Queremos hacer ejercicio juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to eat healthy.	Quieren comer saludable.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to finish the report.	Quiero terminar el informe.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to have the meeting tomorrow?	¿Quieres tener la reunión mañana?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to work from home.	Quiere trabajar desde casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to work on the project.	Queremos trabajar en el proyecto.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to help with the task.	Quieren ayudar con la tarea.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to play the guitar.	Quiero tocar la guitarra.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to sing at church?	¿Quieres cantar en la iglesia?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to join the worship team.	Quiere unirse al equipo de adoración.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to practice the music together.	Queremos practicar la música juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to perform at the concert.	Quieren actuar en el concierto.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to teach the Bible lesson.	Quiero enseñar la lección bíblica.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to share the gospel?	¿Quieres compartir el evangelio?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to volunteer at church.	Quiere ser voluntaria en la iglesia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to read the Bible together.	Queremos leer la Biblia juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to pray for the sick.	Quieren orar por los enfermos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to find a good hotel.	Quiero encontrar un buen hotel.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to carry the suitcase?	¿Quieres cargar la maleta?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to visit the city.	Quiere visitar la ciudad.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to go to the airport together.	Queremos ir al aeropuerto juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to travel by plane.	Quieren viajar en avión.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to try the new dish.	Quiero probar el plato nuevo.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to recommend a restaurant?	¿Quieres recomendar un restaurante?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to order dessert.	Quiere pedir el postre.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to share the meal.	Queremos compartir la comida.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to eat together.	Quieren comer juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to wash the dishes.	Quiero lavar los platos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to fix the door?	¿Quieres arreglar la puerta?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to decorate the house.	Quiere decorar la casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to have breakfast together.	Queremos desayunar juntos.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to spend time at home.	Quieren pasar tiempo en casa.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to bring my brother to church.	Quiero traer a mi hermano a la iglesia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to call your mother?	¿Quieres llamar a tu mamá?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to meet the whole family.	Quiere conocer a toda la familia.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to have a family dinner.	Queremos tener una cena familiar.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to celebrate the birthday.	Quieren celebrar el cumpleaños.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to take the cat to the vet.	Quiero llevar al gato al veterinario.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to buy food for the dog?	¿Quieres comprar comida para el perro?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	He wants to play with the pet.	Quiere jugar con la mascota.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to adopt a dog.	Queremos adoptar un perro.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to take care of the cat.	Quieren cuidar al gato.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	I want to read the chapter tonight.	Quiero leer el capítulo esta noche.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	Do you want to explain the lesson?	¿Quieres explicar la lección?	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	She wants to pass the exam.	Quiere pasar el examen.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	We want to review the material.	Queremos repasar el material.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Present::Indicative	They want to learn the lesson.	Quieren aprender la lección.	Querer Present Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to read the Bible last night.	Quise leer la Biblia anoche.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to pray yesterday?	¿Quisiste orar ayer?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to come to Bible study.	Quiso venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to go to church last Sunday.	Quisimos ir a la iglesia el domingo pasado.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to help at church.	Quisieron ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to memorize the verse.	Quise memorizar el versículo.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to share the Bible story?	¿Quisiste compartir la historia bíblica?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to lead the worship.	Quiso dirigir la adoración.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to pray together.	Quisimos orar juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to join the Bible study.	Quisieron unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to travel last year.	Quise viajar el año pasado.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to book the flight?	¿Quisiste reservar el vuelo?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to find the hotel.	Quiso encontrar el hotel.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to rent a car.	Quisimos alquilar un carro.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to visit the museum.	Quisieron visitar el museo.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to order the soup.	Quise pedir la sopa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to try the dessert?	¿Quisiste probar el postre?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to make a reservation.	Quiso hacer una reservación.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to eat at the restaurant.	Quisimos comer en el restaurante.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to try the local food.	Quisieron probar la comida local.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to cook rice and beans.	Quise cocinar arroz y frijoles.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to make the salad?	¿Quisiste hacer la ensalada?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to eat breakfast early.	Quiso desayunar temprano.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to prepare dinner together.	Quisimos preparar la cena juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to bring food to share.	Quisieron traer comida para compartir.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to clean the house.	Quise limpiar la casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to set the table?	¿Quisiste poner la mesa?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to water the plants.	Quiso regar las plantas.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to cook at home.	Quisimos cocinar en casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to help around the house.	Quisieron ayudar en la casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to visit my family.	Quise visitar a mi familia.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to meet my parents?	¿Quisiste conocer a mis padres?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to call his grandmother.	Quiso llamar a su abuela.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to celebrate together.	Quisimos celebrar juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to spend time with the family.	Quisieron pasar tiempo con la familia.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to introduce you to my friend.	Quise presentarte a mi amigo.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to come to the party?	¿Quisiste venir a la fiesta?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to invite her friends.	Quiso invitar a sus amigos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to go out together.	Quisimos salir juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to visit us.	Quisieron visitarnos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to take the dog to the park.	Quise llevar al perro al parque.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to feed the cat?	¿Quisiste darle de comer al gato?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to give the dog a bath.	Quiso bañar al perro.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to take the dog for a walk.	Quisimos sacar al perro a caminar.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to adopt a pet.	Quisieron adoptar una mascota.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to study Spanish.	Quise estudiar español.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to help me with the homework?	¿Quisiste ayudarme con la tarea?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to go to the university.	Quiso ir a la universidad.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to study together.	Quisimos estudiar juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to learn the lesson.	Quisieron aprender la lección.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to go to the doctor.	Quise ir al médico.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to make a doctor's appointment?	¿Quisiste hacer una cita médica?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to rest at home.	Quiso descansar en casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to exercise together.	Quisimos hacer ejercicio juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to eat healthy.	Quisieron comer saludable.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to finish the report.	Quise terminar el informe.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to have the meeting?	¿Quisiste tener la reunión?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to work from home.	Quiso trabajar desde casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to work on the project.	Quisimos trabajar en el proyecto.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to help with the task.	Quisieron ayudar con la tarea.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to play the guitar at church.	Quise tocar la guitarra en la iglesia.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to sing at church?	¿Quisiste cantar en la iglesia?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to join the worship team.	Quiso unirse al equipo de adoración.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to practice the music together.	Quisimos practicar la música juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to perform at the concert.	Quisieron actuar en el concierto.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to teach the Bible lesson.	Quise enseñar la lección bíblica.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to share the gospel?	¿Quisiste compartir el evangelio?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to volunteer at church.	Quiso ser voluntaria en la iglesia.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to read the Bible together.	Quisimos leer la Biblia juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to pray for the sick.	Quisieron orar por los enfermos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to book the flight online.	Quise reservar el vuelo en línea.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to carry the suitcase?	¿Quisiste cargar la maleta?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to visit the city.	Quiso visitar la ciudad.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to go to the airport together.	Quisimos ir al aeropuerto juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to travel by plane.	Quisieron viajar en avión.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to try the new dish.	Quise probar el plato nuevo.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to recommend a restaurant?	¿Quisiste recomendar un restaurante?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to order dessert.	Quiso pedir el postre.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to share the meal.	Quisimos compartir la comida.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to eat together.	Quisieron comer juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to wash the dishes.	Quise lavar los platos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to fix the door?	¿Quisiste arreglar la puerta?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to decorate the house.	Quiso decorar la casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to have breakfast together.	Quisimos desayunar juntos.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to spend time at home.	Quisieron pasar tiempo en casa.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to bring my brother.	Quise traer a mi hermano.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to call your mother?	¿Quisiste llamar a tu mamá?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to meet the family.	Quiso conocer a la familia.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to have a family dinner.	Quisimos tener una cena familiar.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to celebrate the birthday.	Quisieron celebrar el cumpleaños.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to take the cat to the vet.	Quise llevar al gato al veterinario.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to buy food for the dog?	¿Quisiste comprar comida para el perro?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	He wanted to play with the pet.	Quiso jugar con la mascota.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to adopt a dog.	Quisimos adoptar un perro.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to take care of the cat.	Quisieron cuidar al gato.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	I wanted to read the chapter.	Quise leer el capítulo.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	Did you want to explain the lesson?	¿Quisiste explicar la lección?	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	She wanted to pass the exam.	Quiso pasar el examen.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	We wanted to review the material.	Quisimos repasar el material.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Preterit::Indicative	They wanted to attend the class.	Quisieron asistir a la clase.	Querer Preterit Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to read the Bible every day.	Quería leer la Biblia todos los días.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you used to want to pray in the mornings?	¿Querías orar por las mañanas?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to come to Bible study.	Quería venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to go to church together.	Queríamos ir a la iglesia juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to want to help at church.	Querían ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I wanted to memorize more Bible verses.	Quería memorizar más versículos bíblicos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to share the Bible stories?	¿Querías compartir las historias bíblicas?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She wanted to lead the worship.	Quería dirigir la adoración.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We wanted to pray together every day.	Queríamos orar juntos todos los días.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to read the Bible together.	Querían leer la Biblia juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to travel every year.	Quería viajar cada año.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to visit other countries?	¿Querías visitar otros países?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He wanted to book a flight to Mexico.	Quería reservar un vuelo a México.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to travel together.	Queríamos viajar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to visit the mission.	Querían visitar la misión.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to eat at new restaurants.	Quería comer en restaurantes nuevos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to try the local food?	¿Querías probar la comida local?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to want to make her own bread.	Quería hacer su propio pan.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to eat together as a family.	Queríamos comer juntos en familia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to try new recipes.	Querían probar recetas nuevas.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to cook traditional food.	Quería cocinar comida tradicional.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to make coffee every morning?	¿Querías hacer café todas las mañanas?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to eat with the family.	Quería comer con la familia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We wanted to prepare big meals together.	Queríamos preparar comidas grandes juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to want to cook for church events.	Querían cocinar para los eventos de la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to have a bigger house.	Quería tener una casa más grande.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to decorate the house?	¿Querías decorar la casa?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to want to have a garden.	Quería tener un jardín.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to cook at home every night.	Queríamos cocinar en casa cada noche.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to help around the house.	Querían ayudar en la casa.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I always wanted to visit my grandmother.	Siempre quería visitar a mi abuela.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to spend time with your siblings?	¿Querías pasar tiempo con tus hermanos?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to be close to his family.	Quería estar cerca de su familia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to have family dinners every Sunday.	Queríamos tener cenas familiares todos los domingos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to celebrate birthdays together.	Siempre querían celebrar los cumpleaños juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to see my friends more often.	Quería ver a mis amigos más seguido.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to invite your friends to church?	¿Querías invitar a tus amigos a la iglesia?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to want to go out with her friends.	Quería salir con sus amigos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to visit each other.	Queríamos visitarnos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to want to spend time together.	Querían pasar tiempo juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to have a dog.	Quería tener un perro.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to take the dog to the park?	¿Querías llevar al perro al parque?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to feed the animals.	Quería alimentar a los animales.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to take long walks with the dog.	Queríamos dar largas caminatas con el perro.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to adopt a pet.	Siempre querían adoptar una mascota.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I always wanted to study medicine.	Siempre quería estudiar medicina.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to go to the university?	¿Querías ir a la universidad?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to want to become a teacher.	Quería ser maestra.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to study together after school.	Queríamos estudiar juntos después de la escuela.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to learn new things.	Siempre querían aprender cosas nuevas.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to see the doctor regularly.	Quería ver al médico regularmente.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to exercise every day?	¿Querías hacer ejercicio todos los días?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to take care of his health.	Quería cuidar su salud.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to walk together in the evenings.	Queríamos caminar juntos por las tardes.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to want to eat healthier.	Querían comer más saludable.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to start my own business.	Quería comenzar mi propio negocio.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to work with your father?	¿Querías trabajar con tu padre?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to want to be a pastor.	Quería ser pastora.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to work on creative projects.	Queríamos trabajar en proyectos creativos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to build something together.	Querían construir algo juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I always wanted to play the piano.	Siempre quería tocar el piano.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to sing professionally?	¿Querías cantar profesionalmente?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to compose music.	Quería componer música.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to form a music group.	Queríamos formar un grupo musical.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to perform at church.	Siempre querían actuar en la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I wanted to teach Sunday school.	Quería enseñar la escuela dominical.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to lead a Bible study group?	¿Querías dirigir un grupo de estudio bíblico?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She wanted to share the gospel with everyone.	Quería compartir el evangelio con todos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We wanted to plant a new church.	Queríamos plantar una nueva iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to serve God.	Siempre querían servir a Dios.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to travel to Israel.	Quería viajar a Israel.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to visit the mission field?	¿Querías visitar el campo misionero?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to learn new languages.	Quería aprender idiomas nuevos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to explore different cultures.	Queríamos explorar culturas diferentes.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to go on a mission trip.	Querían ir en un viaje misionero.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to try every dish on the menu.	Quería probar todos los platos del menú.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to open a restaurant?	¿Querías abrir un restaurante?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She wanted to learn to cook new recipes.	Quería aprender a cocinar recetas nuevas.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to eat together every Sunday.	Queríamos comer juntos todos los domingos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to share meals with neighbors.	Querían compartir comidas con los vecinos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to want to have a bigger garden.	Quería tener un jardín más grande.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to fix things around the house?	¿Querías arreglar cosas en la casa?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He always wanted to build his own house.	Siempre quería construir su propia casa.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to have family gatherings at home.	Queríamos tener reuniones familiares en casa.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to want to redecorate the living room.	Querían remodelar la sala.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I always wanted to call my family more often.	Siempre quería llamar a mi familia más seguido.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to spend every Sunday with family?	¿Querías pasar cada domingo con tu familia?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She always wanted to take care of her parents.	Siempre quería cuidar a sus padres.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to have a family reunion.	Queríamos tener una reunión familiar.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to be close to family.	Siempre querían estar cerca de la familia.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I always wanted to have a dog.	Siempre quería tener un perro.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to take care of the animals?	¿Querías cuidar a los animales?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to want to train his dog.	Quería entrenar a su perro.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We always wanted to have pets at home.	Siempre queríamos tener mascotas en casa.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They wanted to visit the animal shelter.	Querían visitar el refugio de animales.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	I always wanted to study the Bible more deeply.	Siempre quería estudiar la Biblia más profundamente.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you want to learn Greek or Hebrew?	¿Querías aprender griego o hebreo?	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to want to go back to school.	Quería volver a la escuela.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to want to learn together.	Queríamos aprender juntos.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Indicative	They always wanted to grow in their faith.	Siempre querían crecer en su fe.	Querer Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Someday I will want to read the whole Bible.	Algún día querré leer toda la Biblia.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to pray with us?	¿Querrás orar con nosotros?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to come to Bible study.	Querrá venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to go to church together.	Querremos ir a la iglesia juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to help at church.	Querrán ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to memorize the Bible verse.	Querré memorizar el versículo bíblico.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to share the Bible story?	¿Querrás compartir la historia bíblica?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to lead the worship someday.	Querrá dirigir la adoración algún día.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to pray together more.	Querremos orar juntos más.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to join the Bible study.	Querrán unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Someday I will want to travel to Jerusalem.	Algún día querré viajar a Jerusalén.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to come on the mission trip?	¿Querrás venir en el viaje misionero?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to visit the mission field.	Querrá visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to travel together next year.	Querremos viajar juntos el próximo año.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to explore new places.	Querrán explorar lugares nuevos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to try the new restaurant.	Querré probar el restaurante nuevo.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to make a reservation?	¿Querrás hacer una reservación?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to order the special dish.	Querrá pedir el plato especial.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to eat together on Friday.	Querremos comer juntos el viernes.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to share the meal.	Querrán compartir la comida.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to cook something special.	Querré cocinar algo especial.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to help in the kitchen?	¿Querrás ayudar en la cocina?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to try the recipe.	Querrá probar la receta.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to prepare a big meal together.	Querremos preparar una gran comida juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to bring food to share.	Querrán traer comida para compartir.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to redecorate the house.	Querré redecorar la casa.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to clean the house together?	¿Querrás limpiar la casa juntos?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to plant a garden.	Querrá plantar un jardín.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to fix the house.	Querremos arreglar la casa.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to spend more time at home.	Querrán pasar más tiempo en casa.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to visit my family more.	Querré visitar a mi familia más.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to meet the grandchildren?	¿Querrás conocer a los nietos?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to call his mother.	Querrá llamar a su mamá.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to celebrate together.	Querremos celebrar juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to spend time with the grandparents.	Querrán pasar tiempo con los abuelos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to introduce you to my new friend.	Querré presentarte a mi nuevo amigo.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to come to the party?	¿Querrás venir a la fiesta?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to invite everyone.	Querrá invitar a todos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to go out together this weekend.	Querremos salir juntos este fin de semana.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to visit us soon.	Querrán visitarnos pronto.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to adopt a dog someday.	Querré adoptar un perro algún día.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to take the dog to the park?	¿Querrás llevar al perro al parque?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to play with the pet.	Querrá jugar con la mascota.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to take the dog for walks.	Querremos pasear al perro.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to get a pet.	Querrán tener una mascota.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to study more Spanish.	Querré estudiar más español.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to go back to school?	¿Querrás volver a la escuela?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to study medicine.	Querrá estudiar medicina.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to learn together.	Querremos aprender juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to take the course.	Querrán tomar el curso.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to see the doctor.	Querré ver al médico.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to exercise with me?	¿Querrás hacer ejercicio conmigo?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to rest after the trip.	Querrá descansar después del viaje.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to walk together every morning.	Querremos caminar juntos cada mañana.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to eat healthier.	Querrán comer más saludable.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to change careers someday.	Querré cambiar de carrera algún día.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to work on the project?	¿Querrás trabajar en el proyecto?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to lead the team.	Querrá dirigir el equipo.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to start a new project.	Querremos comenzar un proyecto nuevo.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to build something great.	Querrán construir algo grande.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to play at the concert.	Querré tocar en el concierto.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to sing at church?	¿Querrás cantar en la iglesia?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to perform at the festival.	Querrá actuar en el festival.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to rehearse together.	Querremos ensayar juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to join the choir.	Querrán unirse al coro.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to teach the Bible someday.	Querré enseñar la Biblia algún día.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to lead the prayer time?	¿Querrás dirigir el tiempo de oración?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to share her testimony.	Querrá compartir su testimonio.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to go on a mission trip.	Querremos ir en un viaje misionero.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to serve the community.	Querrán servir a la comunidad.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to visit the mission field.	Querré visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to travel to another country?	¿Querrás viajar a otro país?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to book the flight early.	Querrá reservar el vuelo temprano.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to plan the trip carefully.	Querremos planear el viaje con cuidado.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to travel together as a family.	Querrán viajar juntos como familia.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to try every restaurant in the city.	Querré probar todos los restaurantes de la ciudad.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to order something different?	¿Querrás pedir algo diferente?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to recommend the best dishes.	Querrá recomendar los mejores platos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to share the meal.	Querremos compartir la comida.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to have dessert.	Querrán tomar postre.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to cook at home more often.	Querré cocinar en casa más seguido.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to try the recipe?	¿Querrás probar la receta?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to learn to cook.	Querrá aprender a cocinar.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to make a big meal together.	Querremos hacer una gran comida juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to share food with neighbors.	Querrán compartir comida con los vecinos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to upgrade the house.	Querré mejorar la casa.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to paint the walls?	¿Querrás pintar las paredes?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to buy new furniture.	Querrá comprar muebles nuevos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to have a home of our own.	Querremos tener una casa propia.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to live closer to the church.	Querrán vivir más cerca de la iglesia.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to meet your family.	Querré conocer a tu familia.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to visit your parents?	¿Querrás visitar a tus padres?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	He will want to see his children grow up.	Querrá ver a sus hijos crecer.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to make memories together.	Querremos hacer recuerdos juntos.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to have a family reunion.	Querrán tener una reunión familiar.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	I will want to read the whole New Testament.	Querré leer todo el Nuevo Testamento.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	Will you want to study theology?	¿Querrás estudiar teología?	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	She will want to write about her faith.	Querrá escribir sobre su fe.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	We will want to study the Bible deeply.	Querremos estudiar la Biblia en profundidad.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Future::Indicative	They will want to share their knowledge with others.	Querrán compartir su conocimiento con otros.	Querer Future Indicative
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to read the Bible more.	Querría leer más la Biblia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to pray with us?	¿Querrías orar con nosotros?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to come to Bible study if he could.	Querría venir al estudio bíblico si pudiera.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to go to church together.	Querríamos ir a la iglesia juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to help at church.	Querrían ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to memorize the whole Bible.	Querría memorizar toda la Biblia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to share the Bible story?	¿Querrías compartir la historia bíblica?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to lead the worship.	Querría dirigir la adoración.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to pray together every morning.	Querríamos orar juntos cada mañana.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to join the Bible study.	Querrían unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to travel to Jerusalem.	Querría viajar a Jerusalén.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to go on a mission trip?	¿Querrías ir en un viaje misionero?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to visit the mission field.	Querría visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to travel together.	Querríamos viajar juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to explore new countries.	Querrían explorar países nuevos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to try the new restaurant.	Querría probar el restaurante nuevo.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to make a reservation?	¿Querrías hacer una reservación?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to order the special dish.	Querría pedir el plato especial.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to eat at a nice restaurant.	Querríamos comer en un restaurante bonito.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to try the local food.	Querrían probar la comida local.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to cook a big meal.	Querría cocinar una gran comida.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to help me in the kitchen?	¿Querrías ayudarme en la cocina?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to try the recipe.	Querría probar la receta.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to prepare a meal for the church.	Querríamos preparar una comida para la iglesia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to share food with the neighbors.	Querrían compartir comida con los vecinos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to have a bigger house.	Querría tener una casa más grande.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to redecorate the house?	¿Querrías redecorar la casa?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to have a garden.	Querría tener un jardín.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to cook at home every night.	Querríamos cocinar en casa cada noche.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to spend more time at home.	Querrían pasar más tiempo en casa.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to visit my grandparents.	Querría visitar a mis abuelos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to spend more time with family?	¿Querrías pasar más tiempo con la familia?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to be close to his family.	Querría estar cerca de su familia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to celebrate every birthday.	Querríamos celebrar cada cumpleaños.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to have a family reunion.	Querrían tener una reunión familiar.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to introduce you to my friend.	Querría presentarte a mi amigo.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to come to the party?	¿Querrías venir a la fiesta?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to invite all her friends.	Querría invitar a todos sus amigos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to go out together.	Querríamos salir juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to visit more often.	Querrían visitarnos más seguido.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to adopt a dog.	Querría adoptar un perro.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to take care of the animals?	¿Querrías cuidar a los animales?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to train the dog.	Querría entrenar al perro.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to take the pets to the park.	Querríamos llevar las mascotas al parque.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to adopt more pets.	Querrían adoptar más mascotas.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to study medicine.	Querría estudiar medicina.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to go back to school?	¿Querrías volver a la escuela?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to teach at the university.	Querría enseñar en la universidad.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to study the Bible in depth.	Querríamos estudiar la Biblia en profundidad.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to learn Spanish together.	Querrían aprender español juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to see the doctor more often.	Querría ver al médico más seguido.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to exercise with me?	¿Querrías hacer ejercicio conmigo?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to rest more.	Querría descansar más.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to eat healthier.	Querríamos comer más saludable.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to go to the clinic together.	Querrían ir a la clínica juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to change my career.	Querría cambiar de carrera.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to work on this project?	¿Querrías trabajar en este proyecto?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to lead the team.	Querría dirigir el equipo.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to start our own business.	Querríamos comenzar nuestro propio negocio.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to find a better job.	Querrían encontrar un trabajo mejor.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to play at every church service.	Querría tocar en cada servicio de la iglesia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to sing in the choir?	¿Querrías cantar en el coro?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to compose worship songs.	Querría componer canciones de adoración.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to rehearse every week.	Querríamos ensayar cada semana.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to perform for the community.	Querrían actuar para la comunidad.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to plant a church.	Querría plantar una iglesia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to lead a Bible study?	¿Querrías dirigir un estudio bíblico?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to share her testimony.	Querría compartir su testimonio.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to go on a mission trip.	Querríamos ir en un viaje misionero.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to serve God together.	Querrían servir a Dios juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to visit every country.	Querría visitar todos los países.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to travel by ship?	¿Querrías viajar en barco?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to rent a car for the trip.	Querría alquilar un carro para el viaje.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to go on a long road trip.	Querríamos hacer un largo viaje por carretera.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to travel every summer.	Querrían viajar cada verano.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to try every local dish.	Querría probar cada plato local.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to open a restaurant?	¿Querrías abrir un restaurante?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to learn to bake bread.	Querría aprender a hacer pan.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to have a special dinner together.	Querríamos tener una cena especial juntos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to cook for the whole church.	Querrían cocinar para toda la iglesia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to build an addition to the house.	Querría construir una adición a la casa.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to paint the house?	¿Querrías pintar la casa?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to fix everything himself.	Querría arreglar todo él mismo.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to have a bigger kitchen.	Querríamos tener una cocina más grande.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to buy a house near the church.	Querrían comprar una casa cerca de la iglesia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to call my family every day.	Querría llamar a mi familia todos los días.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to spend the holidays with family?	¿Querrías pasar las fiestas con la familia?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to have more children.	Querría tener más hijos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to take care of the grandparents.	Querríamos cuidar a los abuelos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to be together always.	Querrían estar juntos siempre.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to get a dog.	Querría tener un perro.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to go to the animal shelter?	¿Querrías ir al refugio de animales?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	He would want to train a service dog.	Querría entrenar un perro de servicio.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to have a farm with animals.	Querríamos tener una granja con animales.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to adopt every animal in the shelter.	Querrían adoptar a cada animal del refugio.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	I would want to study the original languages of the Bible.	Querría estudiar los idiomas originales de la Biblia.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	Would you want to take a theology class?	¿Querrías tomar una clase de teología?	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	She would want to earn a degree in biblical studies.	Querría obtener un título en estudios bíblicos.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	We would want to learn Spanish to minister to others.	Querríamos aprender español para ministrar a otros.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Conditional	They would want to read the Bible in the original language.	Querrían leer la Biblia en el idioma original.	Querer Conditional
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to read the Bible.	Espero que quieras leer la Biblia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that he want to pray.	Es importante que quiera orar.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope we want to go to church.	Espero que queramos ir a la iglesia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that they want to help at church.	Es bueno que quieran ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	He hopes that I want to come to Bible study.	Espera que quiera venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that you want to memorize the verse.	Es necesario que quieras memorizar el versículo.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need her to want to lead the worship.	Necesito que quiera dirigir la adoración.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's better that we want to pray together.	Es mejor que queramos orar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	God willing, they want to join the Bible study.	Ojalá que quieran unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to share the gospel.	Espero que quieras compartir el evangelio.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that he wants to travel to the mission.	Es bueno que quiera viajar a la misión.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need you to want to help me with the luggage.	Necesito que quieras ayudarme con el equipaje.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope we want to go to the airport together.	Espero que queramos ir al aeropuerto juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that he want to make the reservation.	Es importante que quiera hacer la reservación.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	God willing, they want to travel next week.	Ojalá que quieran viajar la próxima semana.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to try the new dish.	Espero que quieras probar el plato nuevo.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that she wants to make a reservation.	Es bueno que quiera hacer una reservación.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need them to want to come to the restaurant.	Necesito que quieran venir al restaurante.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope he wants to pay the bill.	Espero que quiera pagar la cuenta.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that we want to eat together.	Es necesario que queramos comer juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to cook for the family.	Espero que quieras cocinar para la familia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that he want to fix the door.	Es importante que quiera arreglar la puerta.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need them to want to come to the house.	Necesito que quieran venir a la casa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that we want to cook at home.	Es bueno que queramos cocinar en casa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope she wants to help in the kitchen.	Espero que quiera ayudar en la cocina.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to visit your family.	Espero que quieras visitar a tu familia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that they want to spend time with family.	Es bueno que quieran pasar tiempo con la familia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to come to the party.	Necesito que quiera venir a la fiesta.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that we want to celebrate together.	Es necesario que queramos celebrar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	God willing, she wants to bring her children.	Ojalá que quiera traer a sus hijos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to take the dog to the park.	Espero que quieras llevar al perro al parque.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to feed the cat.	Necesito que quiera darle de comer al gato.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that we want to take care of the pet.	Es importante que queramos cuidar a la mascota.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope they want to walk the dog.	Espero que quieran pasear al perro.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that she wants to play with the pet.	Es bueno que quiera jugar con la mascota.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to study Spanish.	Espero que quieras estudiar español.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that he want to pass the exam.	Es importante que quiera pasar el examen.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need us to want to study together.	Necesito que queramos estudiar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to explain the lesson.	Espero que quieras explicar la lección.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that they want to learn quickly.	Es bueno que quieran aprender rápidamente.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to go to the doctor.	Espero que quieras ir al médico.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need them to want to go to the clinic.	Necesito que quieran ir a la clínica.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that he want to take the medicine.	Es importante que quiera tomar la medicina.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope we want to walk for exercise.	Espero que queramos caminar para hacer ejercicio.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that she wants to rest at home.	Es bueno que quiera descansar en casa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to finish the report.	Espero que quieras terminar el informe.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to attend the meeting.	Necesito que quiera asistir a la reunión.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that we want to work together.	Es importante que queramos trabajar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	God willing, they want to help with the project.	Ojalá que quieran ayudar con el proyecto.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that she want to work from home.	Es necesario que quiera trabajar desde casa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to play the guitar at church.	Espero que quieras tocar la guitarra en la iglesia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that he wants to sing at the concert.	Es bueno que quiera cantar en el concierto.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need them to want to practice the music.	Necesito que quieran practicar la música.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's better that we want to rehearse together.	Es mejor que queramos ensayar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope she wants to play the piano at church.	Espero que quiera tocar el piano en la iglesia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to join the worship team.	Espero que quieras unirte al equipo de adoración.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to lead the music.	Necesito que quiera dirigir la música.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that they want to sing together.	Es importante que quieran cantar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope we want to rehearse on Friday.	Espero que queramos ensayar el viernes.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that she wants to memorize the Bible verse.	Es bueno que quiera memorizar el versículo bíblico.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need you to want to teach the Bible lesson.	Necesito que quieras enseñar la lección bíblica.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that he wants to share the gospel.	Es bueno que quiera compartir el evangelio.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	God willing, they want to join the prayer meeting.	Ojalá que quieran unirse a la reunión de oración.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that we want to go to Bible study.	Es necesario que queramos ir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope she wants to volunteer at church.	Espero que quiera ser voluntaria en la iglesia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to show me the city.	Espero que quieras mostrarme la ciudad.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that they want to visit the museum.	Es bueno que quieran visitar el museo.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to carry the suitcase.	Necesito que quiera cargar la maleta.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope we want to rent a car together.	Espero que queramos alquilar un carro juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that she want to find the hotel.	Es importante que quiera encontrar el hotel.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to make the restaurant reservation.	Espero que quieras hacer la reservación en el restaurante.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that he wants to recommend a dish.	Es bueno que quiera recomendar un plato.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need them to want to share the meal.	Necesito que quieran compartir la comida.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that we want to cook for the church event.	Es necesario que queramos cocinar para el evento de la iglesia.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope she wants to cook for us.	Espero que quiera cocinar para nosotros.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to wash the dishes.	Espero que quieras lavar los platos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to set the table.	Necesito que quiera poner la mesa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that we want to clean the house together.	Es importante que queramos limpiar la casa juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	God willing, they want to help around the house.	Ojalá que quieran ayudar en la casa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope she wants to water the plants.	Espero que quiera regar las plantas.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to call your grandmother.	Espero que quieras llamar a tu abuela.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that they want to visit us this weekend.	Es bueno que quieran visitarnos este fin de semana.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need him to want to bring his brother.	Necesito que quiera traer a su hermano.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's necessary that we want to celebrate together.	Es necesario que queramos celebrar juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope she wants to come to the party.	Espero que quiera venir a la fiesta.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to take the cat to the vet.	Espero que quieras llevar al gato al veterinario.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need them to want to take care of the dog.	Necesito que quieran cuidar al perro.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that he wants to give the dog a bath.	Es bueno que quiera bañar al perro.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope we want to walk the dog together.	Espero que queramos pasear al perro juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope you want to read the chapter tonight.	Espero que quieras leer el capítulo esta noche.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's important that they want to work on the project.	Es importante que quieran trabajar en el proyecto.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I need her to want to answer the question.	Necesito que quiera responder la pregunta.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It's good that we want to review the material together.	Es bueno que queramos repasar el material juntos.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope he wants to explain the lesson.	Espero que quiera explicar la lección.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to read the Bible.	Esperaba que quisieras leer la Biblia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that he want to pray.	Era importante que quisiera orar.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped we would want to go to church.	Esperaba que quisiéramos ir a la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that they wanted to help at church.	Era bueno que quisieran ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	He hoped that I would want to come to Bible study.	Esperaba que quisiera venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that you want to memorize the verse.	Era necesario que quisieras memorizar el versículo.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed her to want to lead the worship.	Necesitaba que quisiera dirigir la adoración.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was better that we want to pray together.	Era mejor que quisiéramos orar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped they would want to join the Bible study.	Esperaba que quisieran unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to share the gospel.	Esperaba que quisieras compartir el evangelio.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that he wanted to travel to the mission.	Era bueno que quisiera viajar a la misión.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed you to want to help me with the luggage.	Necesitaba que quisieras ayudarme con el equipaje.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped we would want to go to the airport together.	Esperaba que quisiéramos ir al aeropuerto juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that he want to make the reservation.	Era importante que quisiera hacer la reservación.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped they would want to travel last week.	Esperaba que quisieran viajar la semana pasada.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to try the new dish.	Esperaba que quisieras probar el plato nuevo.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that she wanted to make a reservation.	Era bueno que quisiera hacer una reservación.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed them to want to come to the restaurant.	Necesitaba que quisieran venir al restaurante.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped he would want to pay the bill.	Esperaba que quisiera pagar la cuenta.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that we want to eat together.	Era necesario que quisiéramos comer juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to cook for the family.	Esperaba que quisieras cocinar para la familia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that he want to fix the door.	Era importante que quisiera arreglar la puerta.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed them to want to come to the house.	Necesitaba que quisieran venir a la casa.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that we wanted to cook at home.	Era bueno que quisiéramos cocinar en casa.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped she would want to help in the kitchen.	Esperaba que quisiera ayudar en la cocina.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to visit your family.	Esperaba que quisieras visitar a tu familia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that they wanted to spend time with family.	Era bueno que quisieran pasar tiempo con la familia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to come to the party.	Necesitaba que quisiera venir a la fiesta.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that we want to celebrate together.	Era necesario que quisiéramos celebrar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped she would want to bring her children.	Esperaba que quisiera traer a sus hijos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to take the dog to the park.	Esperaba que quisieras llevar al perro al parque.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to feed the cat.	Necesitaba que quisiera darle de comer al gato.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that we want to take care of the pet.	Era importante que quisiéramos cuidar a la mascota.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped they would want to walk the dog.	Esperaba que quisieran pasear al perro.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that she wanted to play with the pet.	Era bueno que quisiera jugar con la mascota.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to study Spanish.	Esperaba que quisieras estudiar español.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that he want to pass the exam.	Era importante que quisiera pasar el examen.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed us to want to study together.	Necesitaba que quisiéramos estudiar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to explain the lesson.	Esperaba que quisieras explicar la lección.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that they wanted to learn quickly.	Era bueno que quisieran aprender rápidamente.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to go to the doctor.	Esperaba que quisieras ir al médico.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed them to want to go to the clinic.	Necesitaba que quisieran ir a la clínica.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that he want to take the medicine.	Era importante que quisiera tomar la medicina.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped we would want to walk for exercise.	Esperaba que quisiéramos caminar para hacer ejercicio.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that she wanted to rest at home.	Era bueno que quisiera descansar en casa.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to finish the report.	Esperaba que quisieras terminar el informe.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to attend the meeting.	Necesitaba que quisiera asistir a la reunión.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that we want to work together.	Era importante que quisiéramos trabajar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped they would want to help with the project.	Esperaba que quisieran ayudar con el proyecto.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that she want to work from home.	Era necesario que quisiera trabajar desde casa.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to play the guitar at church.	Esperaba que quisieras tocar la guitarra en la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that he wanted to sing at the concert.	Era bueno que quisiera cantar en el concierto.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed them to want to practice the music.	Necesitaba que quisieran practicar la música.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was better that we want to rehearse together.	Era mejor que quisiéramos ensayar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped she would want to play the piano at church.	Esperaba que quisiera tocar el piano en la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to join the worship team.	Esperaba que quisieras unirte al equipo de adoración.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to lead the music.	Necesitaba que quisiera dirigir la música.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that they want to sing together.	Era importante que quisieran cantar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped we would want to rehearse on Friday.	Esperaba que quisiéramos ensayar el viernes.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that she wanted to memorize the Bible verse.	Era bueno que quisiera memorizar el versículo bíblico.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed you to want to teach the Bible lesson.	Necesitaba que quisieras enseñar la lección bíblica.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that he wanted to share the gospel.	Era bueno que quisiera compartir el evangelio.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped they would want to join the prayer meeting.	Esperaba que quisieran unirse a la reunión de oración.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that we want to go to Bible study.	Era necesario que quisiéramos ir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped she would want to volunteer at church.	Esperaba que quisiera ser voluntaria en la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to show me the city.	Esperaba que quisieras mostrarme la ciudad.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that they wanted to visit the museum.	Era bueno que quisieran visitar el museo.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to carry the suitcase.	Necesitaba que quisiera cargar la maleta.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped we would want to rent a car together.	Esperaba que quisiéramos alquilar un carro juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that she want to find the hotel.	Era importante que quisiera encontrar el hotel.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to make the restaurant reservation.	Esperaba que quisieras hacer la reservación en el restaurante.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that he wanted to recommend a dish.	Era bueno que quisiera recomendar un plato.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed them to want to share the meal.	Necesitaba que quisieran compartir la comida.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that we want to cook for the church event.	Era necesario que quisiéramos cocinar para el evento de la iglesia.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped she would want to cook for us.	Esperaba que quisiera cocinar para nosotros.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to wash the dishes.	Esperaba que quisieras lavar los platos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to set the table.	Necesitaba que quisiera poner la mesa.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that we want to clean the house together.	Era importante que quisiéramos limpiar la casa juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped they would want to help around the house.	Esperaba que quisieran ayudar en la casa.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that she wanted to water the plants.	Era bueno que quisiera regar las plantas.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to call your grandmother.	Esperaba que quisieras llamar a tu abuela.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that they wanted to visit us.	Era bueno que quisieran visitarnos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed him to want to bring his brother.	Necesitaba que quisiera traer a su hermano.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was necessary that we want to celebrate together.	Era necesario que quisiéramos celebrar juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped she would want to come to the party.	Esperaba que quisiera venir a la fiesta.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to take the cat to the vet.	Esperaba que quisieras llevar al gato al veterinario.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed them to want to take care of the dog.	Necesitaba que quisieran cuidar al perro.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that he wanted to give the dog a bath.	Era bueno que quisiera bañar al perro.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped we would want to walk the dog together.	Esperaba que quisiéramos pasear al perro juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped you would want to read the chapter.	Esperaba que quisieras leer el capítulo.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that they want to work on the project.	Era importante que quisieran trabajar en el proyecto.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I needed her to want to answer the question.	Necesitaba que quisiera responder la pregunta.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was good that we wanted to review the material together.	Era bueno que quisiéramos repasar el material juntos.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped he would want to explain the lesson.	Esperaba que quisiera explicar la lección.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to read the whole Bible.	Siempre he querido leer toda la Biblia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to pray more?	¿Has querido orar más?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to come to Bible study.	Ha querido venir al estudio bíblico.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to go to church together.	Hemos querido ir a la iglesia juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to help at church.	Han querido ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to memorize the whole Bible.	Siempre he querido memorizar toda la Biblia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to share the Bible story?	¿Has querido compartir la historia bíblica?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to lead the worship.	Ha querido dirigir la adoración.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to pray together.	Hemos querido orar juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to join the Bible study.	Han querido unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to travel to Jerusalem.	Siempre he querido viajar a Jerusalén.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to go on a mission trip?	¿Has querido ir en un viaje misionero?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to visit the mission field.	Ha querido visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to travel together.	Hemos querido viajar juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to explore new places.	Han querido explorar lugares nuevos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to try that restaurant.	Siempre he querido probar ese restaurante.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to make a reservation?	¿Has querido hacer una reservación?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to order the special dish.	Ha querido pedir el plato especial.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to eat at the restaurant.	Hemos querido comer en el restaurante.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to share the meal.	Han querido compartir la comida.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to cook traditional food.	Siempre he querido cocinar comida tradicional.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to help in the kitchen?	¿Has querido ayudar en la cocina?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to try the recipe.	Ha querido probar la receta.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to prepare a big meal together.	Hemos querido preparar una gran comida juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to bring food to share at church.	Han querido traer comida para compartir en la iglesia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to have a bigger house.	Siempre he querido tener una casa más grande.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to redecorate the house?	¿Has querido redecorar la casa?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to have a garden.	Ha querido tener un jardín.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to cook at home more.	Hemos querido cocinar en casa más.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to spend more time at home.	Han querido pasar más tiempo en casa.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to visit my grandparents.	Siempre he querido visitar a mis abuelos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to spend more time with family?	¿Has querido pasar más tiempo con la familia?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to be close to his family.	Ha querido estar cerca de su familia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to celebrate together.	Hemos querido celebrar juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to have a family reunion.	Han querido tener una reunión familiar.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to introduce you to my friend.	Siempre he querido presentarte a mi amigo.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to come to the party?	¿Has querido venir a la fiesta?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to invite all her friends.	Ha querido invitar a todos sus amigos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to go out together.	Hemos querido salir juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to visit us.	Han querido visitarnos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to adopt a dog.	Siempre he querido adoptar un perro.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to take the dog to the park?	¿Has querido llevar al perro al parque?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to train the dog.	Ha querido entrenar al perro.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to take the pets to the park.	Hemos querido llevar las mascotas al parque.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to adopt more pets.	Han querido adoptar más mascotas.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to study medicine.	Siempre he querido estudiar medicina.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to go back to school?	¿Has querido volver a la escuela?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to teach at the university.	Ha querido enseñar en la universidad.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to study the Bible in depth.	Hemos querido estudiar la Biblia en profundidad.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to learn Spanish together.	Han querido aprender español juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have wanted to see the doctor.	He querido ver al médico.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to exercise with me?	¿Has querido hacer ejercicio conmigo?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to rest more.	Ha querido descansar más.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to eat healthier.	Hemos querido comer más saludable.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to go to the clinic together.	Han querido ir a la clínica juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to change careers.	Siempre he querido cambiar de carrera.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to work on the project?	¿Has querido trabajar en el proyecto?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to lead the team.	Ha querido dirigir el equipo.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to start a new project.	Hemos querido comenzar un proyecto nuevo.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to build something great.	Han querido construir algo grande.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to play the guitar at church.	Siempre he querido tocar la guitarra en la iglesia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to sing at church?	¿Has querido cantar en la iglesia?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to perform at the festival.	Ha querido actuar en el festival.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to rehearse together.	Hemos querido ensayar juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to join the choir.	Han querido unirse al coro.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to teach the Bible.	Siempre he querido enseñar la Biblia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to lead the prayer time?	¿Has querido dirigir el tiempo de oración?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to share her testimony.	Ha querido compartir su testimonio.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to go on a mission trip.	Hemos querido ir en un viaje misionero.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to serve the community.	Han querido servir a la comunidad.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to visit the mission field.	Siempre he querido visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to travel to another country?	¿Has querido viajar a otro país?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to book the flight early.	Ha querido reservar el vuelo temprano.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to plan a trip together.	Hemos querido planear un viaje juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to travel together as a family.	Han querido viajar juntos como familia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to try every restaurant in the city.	Siempre he querido probar todos los restaurantes de la ciudad.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to order something different?	¿Has querido pedir algo diferente?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to recommend the best dishes.	Ha querido recomendar los mejores platos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to share the meal at church.	Hemos querido compartir la comida en la iglesia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to have dessert.	Han querido tomar postre.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to cook at home more often.	Siempre he querido cocinar en casa más seguido.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to try the recipe?	¿Has querido probar la receta?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to learn to cook.	Ha querido aprender a cocinar.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to make a big meal together.	Hemos querido hacer una gran comida juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to share food with neighbors.	Han querido compartir comida con los vecinos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to upgrade the house.	Siempre he querido mejorar la casa.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to paint the walls?	¿Has querido pintar las paredes?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to buy new furniture.	Ha querido comprar muebles nuevos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to have a home of our own.	Hemos querido tener una casa propia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to live closer to the church.	Han querido vivir más cerca de la iglesia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to meet your family.	Siempre he querido conocer a tu familia.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to visit your parents?	¿Has querido visitar a tus padres?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	He has wanted to see his children grow up.	Ha querido ver a sus hijos crecer.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to make memories together.	Hemos querido hacer recuerdos juntos.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have wanted to call the grandparents more.	Han querido llamar a los abuelos más.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	I have always wanted to read the whole New Testament.	Siempre he querido leer todo el Nuevo Testamento.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	Have you wanted to study theology?	¿Has querido estudiar teología?	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	She has wanted to write about her faith.	Ha querido escribir sobre su fe.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	We have wanted to study the Bible deeply.	Hemos querido estudiar la Biblia profundamente.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Perfect	They have always wanted to share their faith.	Siempre han querido compartir su fe.	Querer Present Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to read the whole Bible.	Siempre había querido leer toda la Biblia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to pray that morning?	¿Habías querido orar esa mañana?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to come to Bible study before.	Había querido venir al estudio bíblico antes.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to go to church together.	Habíamos querido ir a la iglesia juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to help at church.	Habían querido ayudar en la iglesia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to memorize more Bible verses.	Siempre había querido memorizar más versículos bíblicos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to share the Bible story?	¿Habías querido compartir la historia bíblica?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to lead the worship.	Había querido dirigir la adoración.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to pray together every day.	Habíamos querido orar juntos todos los días.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to join the Bible study.	Habían querido unirse al estudio bíblico.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to travel to Jerusalem.	Siempre había querido viajar a Jerusalén.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to go on a mission trip?	¿Habías querido ir en un viaje misionero?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to visit the mission field.	Había querido visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to travel together before.	Habíamos querido viajar juntos antes.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to explore new countries.	Habían querido explorar países nuevos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to try that restaurant.	Siempre había querido probar ese restaurante.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to make a reservation?	¿Habías querido hacer una reservación?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to order the special dish.	Había querido pedir el plato especial.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to eat at the restaurant before it closed.	Habíamos querido comer en el restaurante antes de que cerrara.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to share the meal.	Habían querido compartir la comida.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to cook traditional food.	Siempre había querido cocinar comida tradicional.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to help in the kitchen?	¿Habías querido ayudar en la cocina?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to try the recipe.	Había querido probar la receta.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to prepare a big meal together.	Habíamos querido preparar una gran comida juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to bring food to share at church.	Habían querido traer comida para compartir en la iglesia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to have a bigger house.	Siempre había querido tener una casa más grande.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to redecorate the house?	¿Habías querido redecorar la casa?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to have a garden.	Había querido tener un jardín.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to cook at home more.	Habíamos querido cocinar en casa más.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to spend more time at home.	Habían querido pasar más tiempo en casa.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to visit my grandparents.	Siempre había querido visitar a mis abuelos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to spend more time with family?	¿Habías querido pasar más tiempo con la familia?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to be close to his family.	Había querido estar cerca de su familia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to celebrate every birthday together.	Habíamos querido celebrar cada cumpleaños juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to have a family reunion.	Habían querido tener una reunión familiar.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to introduce you to my friend.	Siempre había querido presentarte a mi amigo.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to come to the party?	¿Habías querido venir a la fiesta?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to invite all her friends.	Había querido invitar a todos sus amigos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to go out together.	Habíamos querido salir juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to visit us more often.	Habían querido visitarnos más seguido.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to adopt a dog.	Siempre había querido adoptar un perro.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to take the dog to the park?	¿Habías querido llevar al perro al parque?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to train the dog.	Había querido entrenar al perro.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to take the pets to the park.	Habíamos querido llevar las mascotas al parque.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to adopt more pets.	Habían querido adoptar más mascotas.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to study medicine.	Siempre había querido estudiar medicina.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to go back to school?	¿Habías querido volver a la escuela?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to teach at the university.	Había querido enseñar en la universidad.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to study the Bible in depth.	Habíamos querido estudiar la Biblia en profundidad.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to learn Spanish together.	Habían querido aprender español juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had wanted to see the doctor before getting worse.	Había querido ver al médico antes de empeorar.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to exercise more?	¿Habías querido hacer más ejercicio?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to rest before the trip.	Había querido descansar antes del viaje.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to eat healthier.	Habíamos querido comer más saludable.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to go to the clinic together.	Habían querido ir a la clínica juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to change careers.	Siempre había querido cambiar de carrera.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to work on the project?	¿Habías querido trabajar en el proyecto?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to lead the team.	Había querido dirigir el equipo.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to start a new project.	Habíamos querido comenzar un proyecto nuevo.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to build something together.	Habían querido construir algo juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to play the guitar at church.	Siempre había querido tocar la guitarra en la iglesia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to sing at church?	¿Habías querido cantar en la iglesia?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to perform at the festival.	Había querido actuar en el festival.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to rehearse together.	Habíamos querido ensayar juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to join the choir.	Habían querido unirse al coro.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to teach the Bible.	Siempre había querido enseñar la Biblia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to lead the prayer time?	¿Habías querido dirigir el tiempo de oración?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to share her testimony.	Había querido compartir su testimonio.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to go on a mission trip.	Habíamos querido ir en un viaje misionero.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to serve the community.	Habían querido servir a la comunidad.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to visit the mission field.	Siempre había querido visitar el campo misionero.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to travel to another country?	¿Habías querido viajar a otro país?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to book the flight early.	Había querido reservar el vuelo temprano.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to plan the trip together.	Habíamos querido planear el viaje juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to travel together as a family.	Habían querido viajar juntos como familia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to try every restaurant in the city.	Siempre había querido probar todos los restaurantes de la ciudad.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to order something different?	¿Habías querido pedir algo diferente?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to recommend the best dishes.	Había querido recomendar los mejores platos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to share the meal at church.	Habíamos querido compartir la comida en la iglesia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to have dessert.	Habían querido tomar postre.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to cook at home more.	Siempre había querido cocinar en casa más.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to try the recipe?	¿Habías querido probar la receta?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to learn to cook.	Había querido aprender a cocinar.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to make a big meal together.	Habíamos querido hacer una gran comida juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to share food with their neighbors.	Habían querido compartir comida con sus vecinos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to upgrade the house.	Siempre había querido mejorar la casa.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to paint the walls?	¿Habías querido pintar las paredes?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to buy new furniture.	Había querido comprar muebles nuevos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to have a home of our own.	Habíamos querido tener una casa propia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to live closer to the church.	Habían querido vivir más cerca de la iglesia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to meet your family.	Siempre había querido conocer a tu familia.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to visit your parents?	¿Habías querido visitar a tus padres?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	He had wanted to see his children grow up.	Había querido ver a sus hijos crecer.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to make memories together.	Habíamos querido hacer recuerdos juntos.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had wanted to call the grandparents more.	Habían querido llamar a los abuelos más.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	I had always wanted to read the whole New Testament.	Siempre había querido leer todo el Nuevo Testamento.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	Had you wanted to study theology?	¿Habías querido estudiar teología?	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	She had wanted to write about her faith.	Había querido escribir sobre su fe.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	We had wanted to study the Bible deeply.	Habíamos querido estudiar la Biblia profundamente.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Past::Perfect	They had always wanted to share their faith with others.	Siempre habían querido compartir su fe con otros.	Querer Past Perfect
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	I hope the congregation wants to pray with as much passion as it wants to sing because God hears both equally.	Espero que la congregación quiera orar con tanta pasión como quiere cantar porque Dios escucha ambos por igual.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	It is important that the leader wants to serve before the leader wants to lead because the order of those two things matters.	Es importante que el líder quiera servir antes de que quiera liderar porque el orden de esas dos cosas importa.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	She hopes the family wants to eat together more than it wants to be entertained because the table forms what screens cannot.	Ella espera que la familia quiera comer junta más de lo que quiere ser entretenida porque la mesa forma lo que las pantallas no pueden.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	He wants his children to want to know God not because they were told to but because they have seen what knowing him does to a life.	Él quiere que sus hijos quieran conocer a Dios no porque se les dijera sino porque han visto lo que conocerlo hace a una vida.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	We need the team to want to go on the mission trip for the right reasons — not experience but genuine love for the people they will serve.	Necesitamos que el equipo quiera ir al viaje misionero por las razones correctas — no por experiencia sino por amor genuino a las personas a las que servirán.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Present::Subjunctive	They pray that the new believer wants to read the Bible every day the way they wanted water during the first days of new faith.	Oran para que el nuevo creyente quiera leer la Biblia cada día de la manera en que querían agua durante los primeros días de la nueva fe.	Querer Present Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	I hoped the congregation would want to reach the community as much as it wanted to improve its own programs.	Esperaba que la congregación quisiera alcanzar a la comunidad tanto como quería mejorar sus propios programas.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	It was important that the leader wanted to be accountable before being trusted with greater responsibility.	Era importante que el líder quisiera ser responsable antes de que se le confiara una mayor responsabilidad.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	She needed her children to want to pray rather than simply being required to so the discipline would one day become delight.	Ella necesitaba que sus hijos quisieran orar en lugar de simplemente ser requeridos a hacerlo para que la disciplina algún día se convirtiera en deleite.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	He hoped the musician would want to worship privately before performing publicly so what came from the stage was already real.	Él esperaba que el músico quisiera adorar en privado antes de actuar públicamente para que lo que viniera del escenario ya fuera real.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	We hoped the church would want to serve the city not as a strategy for growth but simply because the city needed the love of God.	Esperábamos que la iglesia quisiera servir a la ciudad no como una estrategia de crecimiento sino simplemente porque la ciudad necesitaba el amor de Dios.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
Basic	Querer::Imperfect::Subjunctive	They needed the volunteer to want to stay longer than one week because real relationships in mission always take more time than anyone plans for.	Necesitaban que el voluntario quisiera quedarse más de una semana porque las relaciones reales en la misión siempre toman más tiempo del que cualquiera planifica.	Querer Imperfect Subjunctive
