#separator:tab
#html:true
#notetype column:1
#deck column:2
#front column:3
#back column:4
#tags column:5
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to church every Sunday.	Iba a la iglesia todos los domingos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to Bible study?	¿Ibas al estudio bíblico?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to church as a child.	Iba a la iglesia de niño.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the park on weekends.	Íbamos al parque los fines de semana.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the restaurant every Friday.	Iban al restaurante todos los viernes.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to the store when I saw you.	Iba a la tienda cuando te vi.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to the hospital?	¿Ibas al hospital?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She was going to the school.	Iba a la escuela.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the airport.	Íbamos al aeropuerto.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to the concert.	Iban al concierto.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the market every Saturday.	Iba al mercado todos los sábados.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the gym?	¿Ibas al gimnasio?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to the park every morning.	Iba al parque todas las mañanas.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the beach in the summer.	Íbamos a la playa en el verano.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to school together.	Iban a la escuela juntos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the library on Tuesdays.	Iba a la biblioteca los martes.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the pharmacy?	¿Ibas a la farmacia?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to go to the doctor every year.	Iba al médico cada año.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to work together.	Íbamos al trabajo juntos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to church with their family.	Iban a la iglesia con su familia.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the cinema every weekend.	Iba al cine todos los fines de semana.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the supermarket?	¿Ibas al supermercado?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to the dentist twice a year.	Iba al dentista dos veces al año.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the park with the dog.	Íbamos al parque con el perro.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to Bible study on Wednesdays.	Iban al estudio bíblico los miércoles.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to the restaurant when it started raining.	Iba al restaurante cuando empezó a llover.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to the park?	¿Ibas al parque?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She was going to the bank.	Iba al banco.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the supermarket.	Íbamos al supermercado.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to the clinic.	Iban a la clínica.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to class in the morning.	Iba a la clase por la mañana.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to school by bus?	¿Ibas a la escuela en autobús?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to go to the library after school.	Iba a la biblioteca después de la escuela.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to Bible study every week.	Íbamos al estudio bíblico cada semana.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the concert every month.	Iban al concierto cada mes.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to the doctor's office.	Iba al consultorio del médico.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to the office?	¿Ibas a la oficina?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He was going to the meeting.	Iba a la reunión.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the hotel.	Íbamos al hotel.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to the museum.	Iban al museo.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the beach every summer.	Iba a la playa cada verano.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the vet with your dog?	¿Ibas al veterinario con tu perro?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to go to church with her parents.	Iba a la iglesia con sus padres.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the store every week.	Íbamos a la tienda cada semana.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the park after school.	Iban al parque después de la escuela.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to visit my grandmother.	Iba a visitar a mi abuela.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to visit your family?	¿Ibas a visitar a tu familia?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He was going to the prayer meeting.	Iba a la reunión de oración.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the university.	Íbamos a la universidad.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to the dentist.	Iban al dentista.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to work every day.	Iba al trabajo todos los días.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the concert?	¿Ibas al concierto?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to go to Bible study with her friends.	Iba al estudio bíblico con sus amigos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the restaurant on Fridays.	Íbamos al restaurante los viernes.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to school on foot.	Iban a la escuela a pie.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to the train station.	Iba a la estación de tren.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to the airport?	¿Ibas al aeropuerto?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She was going to the supermarket.	Iba al supermercado.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the park.	Íbamos al parque.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to church.	Iban a la iglesia.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the gym three times a week.	Iba al gimnasio tres veces a la semana.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to church every Sunday?	¿Ibas a la iglesia todos los domingos?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to the park with his children.	Iba al parque con sus hijos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the beach with our friends.	Íbamos a la playa con nuestros amigos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the market on Saturdays.	Iban al mercado los sábados.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to the pharmacy.	Iba a la farmacia.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to the clinic?	¿Ibas a la clínica?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She was going to the museum.	Iba al museo.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the concert.	Íbamos al concierto.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to the train station.	Iban a la estación de tren.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the store to buy bread.	Iba a la tienda a comprar pan.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the market to buy vegetables?	¿Ibas al mercado a comprar verduras?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She used to go to church to pray.	Iba a la iglesia a orar.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the park to walk the dog.	Íbamos al parque a pasear al perro.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the restaurant to celebrate.	Iban al restaurante a celebrar.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the library to study.	Iba a la biblioteca a estudiar.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the hospital to visit?	¿Ibas al hospital a visitar?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to the office early.	Iba a la oficina temprano.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the supermarket together.	Íbamos al supermercado juntos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the park every afternoon.	Iban al parque todas las tardes.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going home when I saw her.	Iba a casa cuando la vi.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to your friend's house?	¿Ibas a la casa de tu amigo?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She was going to the school to pick up the children.	Iba a la escuela a recoger a los niños.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the prayer meeting.	Íbamos a la reunión de oración.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to Bible study.	Iban al estudio bíblico.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to Bible study to learn.	Iba al estudio bíblico a aprender.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the concert with your friends?	¿Ibas al concierto con tus amigos?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to the vet with his cat.	Iba al veterinario con su gato.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to the market every morning.	Íbamos al mercado todas las mañanas.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the doctor together.	Iban al médico juntos.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I was going to the work meeting.	Iba a la reunión de trabajo.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Were you going to the university?	¿Ibas a la universidad?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	She was going to her grandmother's house.	Iba a la casa de su abuela.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We were going to the music rehearsal.	Íbamos al ensayo de música.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They were going to the school event.	Iban al evento de la escuela.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	I used to go to the clinic for checkups.	Iba a la clínica para revisiones.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	Did you use to go to the park in the mornings?	¿Ibas al parque por las mañanas?	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	He used to go to the restaurant with his family.	Iba al restaurante con su familia.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	We used to go to church to worship.	Íbamos a la iglesia a adorar.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
Basic	Ir::Imperfect::Indicative	They used to go to the store after work.	Iban a la tienda después del trabajo.	Ir Imperfect Indicative
